- To coordinate with the provincial/municipal Information and Communication Services and concerned units in preparing propaganda publications and organizing press conferences.
In case of insufficient seats, extra-provincial students, poor students, excellent students and first-year students shall be arranged in the following order of priority:
Through the training, we have equipped safe vegetable growers with good personal hygiene knowledge to prevent cross-contamination of vegetable products at preliminary processing houses or collection points, to prevent the spread of food-derived diseases and other infectious diseases.
weekly
Announced in the Decision No. 1307/QD-UBND dated April 12,2017 of the President of the People's Committee of the province (Appendix 02 enclosed herewith).
Fresh wilt disease: Caused by the fungus Fusarium sesami, this fungus often kills seedlings. Therefore, it is necessary to treat the seeds with drugs before sowing, if treating the disease use Copper-B, Alittle to treat. 
According to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 22/2018/QD-TTg dated May 08,2018 on formulation and implementation of village codes and conventions
The Ministry of Education and Training, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs shall :
pounding (rice) 
Who gets to hunt?
Quy Nhon City, An Nhon Town, Tay Son District, Vinh Thanh District, Van Canh District
Step 3: Units shall be allocated organizational structures for candidates and nominees.
Construction of houses for people with meritorious services to the revolution and families facing housing difficulties is being actively implemented by all levels and branches in Vinh Thanh district.
To strive to meet the criteria of the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
bees,
The police of Vinh Thanh district will conduct patrols on roads in the district, and at the same time propagate and mobilize the people to raise their awareness of vigilance, the spirit of resolute struggle to condemn and denounce crimes, social evils and violations of law to contribute to ensuring order and peace for the people..
On this occasion, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district awarded Certificates of Merit to 9 collectives and 12 individuals with outstanding achievements in the recruitment and call-up of citizens for enlistment and citizens to perform the People's Public Security obligations in 2020
Over the past time, Vinh Thuan commune health station has always well implemented primary health care and protection activities for people, the propagation and implementation of national health programs in the commune achieved high results..
The most recent project is safe vegetable development on Vinh Son land with the participation of ethnic minority households.
A group of farmers with similar interests has been born with 25 households directly producing and planning to expand the area from 35, 000 to 40, 000 m2.
The Director of the Department of Culture and Sports is responsible for assisting the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee
clubbing 
We're gonna...
Over the past time, on the basis of the Party's and State's undertakings and policies, the district People's Committees have promptly issued guiding documents to guide the performance of the tasks of ethnic minority and mountainous education; worked out implementation plans suitable to the local situation and characteristics, and at the same time directed the effective organization of key activities in order to raise the quality of teaching and learning for ethnic minority teachers and pupils, especially for semi-boarding secondary schools.
Pursuant to the December 3, 2004 Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents of People's Councils and People's Committees;
To act as the focal point in receiving, examining and synthesizing dossiers of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages proposed for recognition or withdrawal, which are sent by district-level People's Committees.
Ensure that the livestock flocks grow and develop well without worrying about diseases affecting the economy of the family.
Political security and social order and safety are ensured 
Exit
the north,
It was Yao's first time following his mother to get firewood.
Enhances the activity of microorganisms in the soil, enhances the "health" of the soil. The soil will almost become a "dead land" if the soil microflora does not work. 
On the 37th anniversary of Vietnamese Teachers' Day, on the morning of November 20, leaders of Vinh Thanh district visited and congratulated the Department of Education and Training and some schools in the district.
Article 3. Working principles of the Council
The fruits when picked are separated from the seeds and fruits. Fruits need to be put into use or processed immediately because it is easy to damage because fermentation occurs within 24-36 hours after collection. This is the main obstacle in transporting and processing cashews.
baskets,
lying,
fried rice
In addition, from 2016 to now, the sisters in the commune have saved over 18 million VND and 650 kg of rice.
The comrades assigned are excellent officers and soldiers of the district police, with bravery and experience.
The total estimated investment fund for Ly Xuan Hy furnace is VND 135 million (including VND 100 million from the provincial budget and VND 35 million from donors).
On the afternoon of May 5, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district held a conference to review the recruitment and call-up of citizens for conscription and service in the People's Public Security Force in 2020.
Principles of operation of the Children's Council
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with Council members and concerned departments and branches in, inspecting and evaluating :
Playing with
The Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune currently has 376 female members, of which ethnic minority members account for 41%.
Support 100% for 3 mountainous districts: Van Canh, Vinh Thanh and An Lao.
Good-natured
The PBs at all levels shall also associate the implementation of Directive No. 05 with the implementation of campaigns and emulation movements such as "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", "Day for the Poor", "Vietnamese people give priority to using Vietnamese goods", "Gratitude for meaningful responses".
A week has seven days. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. 
I'm now,
Mr. Nguyen Van Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Finance.
On this occasion, the provincial People's Committee also presented 10 gifts, each of 1 million VND, the district People's Committee also deducted funds to donate 50 gifts, each of 400 thousand VND for disadvantaged families in the district.
take off,
Hey, we're...
(singing) or,
Piling and tying trees: After planting to help early stage trees grow straight and when grown evenly distributed on the truss, it is necessary to tie the tree immediately. Use self-destructible soft wire or soft cloth wire to tie.
progeny,
Prune flowers: Prune flowers when they begin to bloom to suit the strength of the stem and the ability of the plant.
To date, Vinh Thanh district has amended and issued many documents related to the socio-economic situation.
colds,
In addition, all levels, branches, mass organizations, communes, townships and members of Military Service Boards of districts shall continue to promote the propagation to the people, urge, remind and encourage the youths and families with children subject to military service call-up, examination and recruitment to fulfill their citizenship obligations.
Note: The planning of this land area must ensure adequate housing for students, part of the land is reserved for public welfare works, the rest is for transfer and creation of revenues for the budget.
To coordinate with provincial-level Home Affairs Departments in performing tasks assigned by provincial-level People's Committees and education and training public employee recruitment councils.
Long Phuoc Pagoda shall pay compensation to households according to the State's regulations and investment in the construction of works.
Provincial People's Committee 
On the morning of July 23, the Continuing Education Center of Vinh Thanh District held the Opening Ceremony of the Mushroom Growing and Breeding Vocational Training Class in 2019 for 70 students who are Youth Union members of Vinh Son Commune.
Accordingly, the Chairman of the district People's Committee requested agencies, departments and localities to focus on directing agricultural production, with determination to win the Winter-Spring 2019 - 2020 crop in a comprehensive manner, paying attention to the agricultural production situation in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Thuan and Vinh Hoa communes.
On the approval of construction drawing design dossiers, construction cost estimates and contractor selection plans of bidding packages under the Project:
At the same time, the Party members are requested to continue to devote themselves to the Party and their native land with concrete, practical and exemplary deeds in implementing the Party's directives, resolutions, undertakings and lines as well as the State's policies and laws.
The Farmers' Union of the district has coordinated with the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district and the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune to organize the handover of a grade 4 brick and tile house for poor farmer Dinh Thi Nghien in village M9, Vinh Hoa commune.
boxes,
Afternoon Time
Periodically supervise and expand the sale points of safe products certified as safe food supply chain products (under Decision No. 3075/QD- BNN of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development).
At the same time, it is requested that Party committees and local authorities continue to pay attention to households that still face many difficulties in life.
Ta Suc industrial cluster attracts 10 enterprises registering for investment in production and business, of which 6 enterprises operate stably.
fly,
cottons
The Prime Minister's Decision No. 234/QD-TTg dated February 05,2016;
Kon Trú Village, Vinh Kim Commune Organized the National Unity Day in 2019
cat cats
In particular, it is necessary to improve the quality of vocational training associated with job creation.
Biographies and photos of the typical martial artists of the province
The following article reports on the effectiveness of the hybrid rice production program of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district.
The characteristics of natural conditions: Climate; topography; soil; hydrology and water resources.
According to the general data of the Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control and Search and Rescue of the district, in Vinh Hoa commune there was a collapsed house, in Vinh Son the wind collapsed a net house and damaged 500m2 vegetable,
Agencies assigned or decentralized under Article 1 of this Decision shall send periodical reports to provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments (through the Binh Dinh Agro-Forestry-Fisheries Quality Assurance Sub-Department) before the 20th of every month (particularly in December, before the 5th) and irregular reports upon request;
The need to build the project 
Article 9. Support for technical training
grandchildren - children of brothers 
Our people are not only brave and resilient in combat, but also industrious and hard-working.
As of July 30, the whole district had 158 cases of the disease in 7/9 communes and towns, the most of which was Vinh Thanh town with 107 cases.
Farmers' funds.
Funds for implementation shall be allocated from local budgets according to the current spending decentralization.
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in Report No. 4085/TTr-SNN dated November 24,2013,
To qualitatively and effectively implement law dissemination and education (PBGDPL), grassroots conciliation and building of communes up to law access standards.
Bad soil planted with a distance of 1.0 x 0.8m or 0.8 x 0.8m (equivalent to 12,500 – 16,000 plants/ha).
Up to now, 100% of village roads and alleys have been concreted; 100% of households have access to clean and hygienic water; 100% of households have access to bright electricity and audio-visual equipment, the people's life has been significantly improved and there are no hungry households.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 1290/QD-BNN-TCCB dated April 17,2015 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
out of,
Pursuant to the Resolution No. 04/2015/NQ-HDND dated July 10,2015 of the 11th Provincial People's Council,
Bombs were thrown not only to destroy the tiny Bana villages by the Dak Krong Bung stream but also more maliciously, they wanted to destroy ethnic minority people in western Binh Dinh province - the base of the province.
To formulate incentive and preferential policies for enterprises investing in the marine economy.
My arm's just a little sore.
What kind of pomegranate did you buy?
Article 3. The Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council, Committees of the Provincial People's Council, delegates of the Provincial People's Council and delegates of the Provincial People's Council shall inspect and supervise the implementation of this Resolution.
Management and use of tuition fees
To direct the publicization on the mass media of lists of establishments which satisfy or fail to satisfy the conditions on assurance of food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products and establishments which fail to properly manage the quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily-life water under their management.
Responsibility
trades,
With a high sense of responsibility and always energetic, dedicated to her work, Ms. Le Thi Thuy Ha is one of the typical examples among 35 typical young teachers and lecturers in 2019.
It's not even Saturday for three days?
State the reasons, introduce the delegates.
emulation 
The row of windbreaks should be set up at a straight angle to the main wind direction or tilted at an angle of 600. Windbreaks should choose trees with high strength such as black rush, acacia ear statue
- Solutions on communication, trade and product processing;
In 2018: The provincial budget shall provide 100% support for 11 districts, towns and cities.
" These two are for grain and corn. The other is for vegetables and grass. The other is for firewood and torches. I'll help you cut them up. Let's do it together. "
At the same time, creating conditions for the poor to have access to health services, making an important contribution to public health care and improving the quality of life.
On this occasion, the club relayed to Vinh Thanh district school has mobilized the support of businesses and benefactors in the district with an amount of over 10 million VND and purchased 155 warm shirts to give to primary school students in 02 communes of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim.
At the meeting, the Military Service Board shall ratify the list of 1, 297 enlisted youths in the district and organize the consideration and approval for each commune or township.
Each branch shall periodically organize activities on contents directly related to its political tasks and its Party members; discuss and exchange ideas and solutions to study and follow Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style on strengthening the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system, paying attention to the continuity and inheritance of solutions formulated and implemented so far.
squeezed
The people believe in the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws; actively participate in building the Party and the administration, especially the movement to build a new countryside, which is effectively implemented, contributing to changing the appearance of rural areas in the area, importantly contributing to raising the awareness of the entire society about the role of culture in development.
To mobilize forces to coordinate with the health sector in effectively implementing dengue epidemic prevention and control measures; mass organizations, communes, townships and health stations shall strictly implement dengue epidemic prevention and control measures in their localities under the direction of their superiors with a view to resolutely controlling and eventually stamping out the dengue epidemic in their districts.
Over 90% of agricultural production land areas will have irrigation and drainage systems in service of production; 95% of households will have access to hygienic daily - life water; the average per - capita income will reach over VND 27 million; the rate of poor households will drop to 37.99%.
wild boar
At the request of the Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 59/TTr-SNN dated March 09,2020 and the Statement No. 60/TTr-SNN dated March 09,2020;
Currently, the rate of poor households accounts for 44.33%. Most of the poor households in Vinh Thanh have no stable jobs, lack knowledge about farming and animal husbandry.
mouth (mouth) 
pcs (projection) 
teach,
voices,
The provincial/municipal Finance Services shall coordinate with the provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services in drawing up funds and timely allocating them to the agricultural sector and mountainous districts in service of the work of epidemic prevention and combat in the provinces according to the set plans.
Over the years, the erosion of the Kôn River has washed away a lot of production land in some localities in Vinh Thanh District, causing great anxiety for local authorities and people.
Implementation time: Quarter I/2020. 
Owners of rural production, business and craft establishments relocating to industrial parks, complexes or planned craft villages shall be provided with one - off support for relocation, specifically as follows:
Primary schools and preschools will be built in villages to facilitate children's learning.
Perform the tasks to achieve the output target products of the branding of high-quality beef and beef in Binh Dinh: Certificate of protection of collective trademark of high-quality beef and beef in Binh Dinh nationwide;
PTNT
To provide technical guidance for farmers to shift to produce shallow crops on rice land under annual plans approved by provincial People's Committees.
the other day,
Quarterly reports shall be sent within 30 days from the end of the quarter; annual reports shall be sent within 60 days from the end of the year.
Mr. Bui Minh Van - Deputy Director of Thanh Tuan Co., Ltd., Vinh Thanh District
Van Canh rural district: 146.020.000 VND 
On mediation at the grassroots 
Agriculture and Rural Development Project Management Units, Transport Project Management Units, Project Management Units of districts, towns and cities
Do not limit the number of floors in accordance with the construction planning approved by the competent authority.
nod (head) 
About the...
Continuing education, Department of Education and Training.
To support hybrid rice cultivation in ethnic minority areas under plans approved by competent authorities.
aged,
Provincial People's Committee 
naked (leaf) 
Stage 1 from 20.5 to 4.6: Online meeting via television bridge from the National Assembly House to 63 National Assembly delegations of provinces and centrally-run cities; Stage 2 from 10 to 19.6: Meeting at the National Assembly House.
blocker (way) 
I heard a cuckoo singing in the trees in front of me.
Total fisheries output is estimated at 486 tons, reaching 59.3% of the plan, up 5.7% over the same period, of which exploitation output is 67 tons, rearing output is 419 tons.
embarrassed
Drowning not only robs life, but also leaves unresolved pain for many families and society.
Knife Generator
chase,
Throughout the history of the struggle for national liberation, construction and defense of the socialist Fatherland, the people of ethnic groups in the district always unite, stick together against nature, foreign invaders, share the joy, cultural exchanges, help each other develop economy.
People's Council of Binh Dinh Province
It takes two streams, two mountains to get there.
The contents focus on the propagation of the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, especially policies for poor households, near-poor households and households escaping poverty.
To work out appropriate programs, plans and roadmaps to focus on the dissemination of information in response to the "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" in Binh Dinh.
Anthrax: The disease appears at all stages of development of the cashew plant, causing harm on the leaves, shoots, especially flowers and fruits. Stains on the leaves are brown burning spots that do not have a fixed shape. 
To step up the study and observance of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style, raise the revolutionary ethics, wipe out individualism and implement Uncle Ho's testament; to practice thrift, combat corruption, wastefulness and bureaucracy, revise the working style, raise the sense of responsibility, devote all of their energies to serving the Fatherland and the people, and build our Party into a clean and strong one that is ethical and civilized.
Mr. Le Tu Binh - Vice Chairman of the provincial Confederation of Labor;
- To prepare propaganda contents in the mass media before, during and after the festival.
Position, functions, duties and powers
Methods of collecting opinions of agencies. 
Although the size of the farm is not large, but each year gives income from 100 to 200 million VND.
Contribute to increase income for the family
always,
In addition, the women's members have cleared hundreds of meters of sewers, collected about 60% of the garbage in the area and transported to the concentration sites as prescribed, so the environment in the communes and towns in the district is gradually improving.
- The Chairman of the Social and Cultural Section of the provincial People's Council;
dexterity 
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Directors of Departments of Construction, Planning and Investment
Using sickle, cut 10 cm from the root, bring back to incubate 1-2 days to shed all leaves and then take to the drying yard lined with plastic film or plastic nodules for 4-5 hours, then beat, sift and pick up the seeds.
eggs
Binh Dinh has 11 administrative units (01 city, 01 town, 03 mountainous districts, 02 midland districts, 04 delta districts);
Regarding recruitment of civil servants and public employees, promotion of civil servant ranks and promotion of public employees, and implementation of contractual regimes for a number of jobs in state administrative agencies and public non-business units;
PTT
Article 1. Establishment of the Organizing Committee of Binh Dinh Summer Tourism Festival 2017, including the following members:
Through the training course, trainees are equipped with knowledge about the principles and methods of formulating and perfecting operation regulations; Steps of making production plans; Operation plans of teams and groups; In which, focusing on the formulation of production plans of team members in association with product sale plans.
Investment costs for sesame cultivation are low, cultivation techniques are quite easy, suitable for rare water areas.
Elephants use their proboscis to break the python, but still seem to be weaker.
Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees of provinces, associations and mass organizations shall direct their affiliates to cooperate with local governments in raising their members' awareness of animal-derived food safety, vaccination and biosafety;
Highlights in the first 6 months of 2019, despite many difficulties due to the impact of complicated weather developments and the general difficulty of the country's economy, under the leadership of the district Party Committee, the administration of the district People's Committee, the situation of socio-economic development in the district continues to develop stably.
summer season
The Yells had a beautiful garden.
SunPorno
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015 
To formulate action programs for implementation in association with plans on implementation of directives and resolutions of the Party and emulation movements of branches, localities, agencies and units.
particle,
ANTT Team
In the implementation of the national target program on building a new countryside, over the years, communes have stepped up the propagation and mobilization of people to work together to build a new countryside in the locality.
In the past 5 years, Vinh Thuan commune has invested in the construction of 4 village cultural houses, with an expenditure of over VND 5 billion. Equipment and material facilities of commune and village cultural houses have gradually received investment attention, contributing to better meeting the needs of people's activities and meetings.
in the morning
Direct specialized departments and divisions to :
Particularly in 2018, there are 71 people with a support amount of 142 million VND. The support norm of 2 million VND / person.
Agricultural land :
dexterity
People are excited to emulate production labor, animal husbandry development, many households have built beautiful houses nearly a billion VND... No one has to worry about lack of food, clothing... This is the thanks of the sea of the Party, of Uncle Ho that Bana people we forever engraved " 
For fighting with other buffaloes. Next time, you must not let the buffalo fight with other buffaloes!
Up to now, Vinh Hiep commune has completed 14/19 criteria.
Many households not only emulate good production and business but also promote the spirit of reciprocity among farmers such as Mr. Dinh Khuan, Mrs. Vo Thi Thu, Mr. Dinh Xuan Luat.
Duration of vaccination against swine fever: (Phase I: From April 01, 2016 to April 30, 2016 and Phase II: From October 01, 2016 to October 30, 2016).
Printing Paper
Not only doing well the association, Ms. Dung also actively mobilized her family and relatives to comply with the Party's guidelines, the State's laws and regulations in villages and hamlets; participated in the movement to build a new countryside; well implemented the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas ".
Article 3. The Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council, Committees of the Provincial People's Council, Delegation of the Provincial People's Council and delegates of the Provincial People's Council shall inspect and supervise the implementation of this Resolution.
Overall Rating
Selling firewood
No, it's lunchtime and you're the only one eating.
Therefore, the continued support in many aspects to improve the material and spiritual life of mountainous people is necessary.
So far, the number of poor households in Vinh Thanh district is 4,851 households with more than 17 thousand people, accounting for 50.34%, a decrease of 5.73% compared to 2018.
(Laughter) giggling.
pissing,
shyness
Attending were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee; Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Le Van Dau, Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Committee.
Accordingly, the target of the Resolution of the district People's Council in 2020, the total local product increased by 14.6%, of which agriculture – forestry and fisheries increased by 6.4%; industry – handicrafts increased by 23.4%; trade services and tourism increased by 19.1%: Per capita income of 30.737 million VND / year; total development investment of 161.154 million VND; total budget revenue of 263.597 million VND, of which local budget revenue of 88.720 million VND; strive to reduce the rate of poor households to less than 30%; the rate of malnourished children under 5 years old to less than 10%.
To amend a number of articles of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 65/2009/QD-TTg, Decision No. 66/2009/QD-TTg and Decision No. 67/2009/QD-TTg of April 24,2009.
a bucket,
The eldest daughter, Yă Krua, was ugly and cruel in spirit.
teens,
(Enclosed with the Resolution No. 27/2015/NQ-HDND dated December 25,2015 of the 12th meeting of the People's Council of the province)
Regarding mechanisms, policies, beneficiaries and levels of funding for ASF prevention and control, local government budgets shall continue to support the destruction of infected swine according to Decision No. 2310/QD-UBND dated July 05,2019 until a new Decision is issued by the Government.
Department of Health: Direct its affiliated units to cooperate with the Branch of Livestock Production and Animal Health, Agricultural Service Center in disseminating and supervising epidemiology, detecting and handling hotspots, promoting the effectiveness of coordination regulations under Joint Circular No. 16/2013 / TTLT-BYT-BNN&PTNT dated May 27, 2013 between the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Ministry of Health.
To summarize the food safety quality management in 2020 and implement tasks in 2021.
In the economic development movement, the villagers know how to invest, apply effective models in breeding and cultivation to develop the family economy.
drugs,
us - from three or more people 
Advocacy for more couples of childbearing age to use modern contraceptives
Through the training course, helping to raise the awareness, responsibility and consciousness of members, farmers on ensuring traffic safety, prevention of drug crimes, black credit, contributing to ensuring security and order in the locality.
Over the years, the district Veterans Associations at all levels have actively promoted learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style by doing practical and specific jobs associated with the emulation movement " exemplary CCB" has been deployed extensively by the district CCB Association to all officials and members of the CCB in the whole district; thanks to the diverse deployment form, rich and practical contents, the campaign and emulation movement has been enthusiastically responded by the CCBs.
This crop is prone to drought when sown and heavy rains cause local inundation in some areas during the harvest period, so sow as soon as possible.
Approval of the Program to Promote Children's Right to Participation in Children's Matters;
Planting method
Layers
Implementation objectives by 2030
In addition to rice, Vinh Thinh commune also plans to put into production 69 hectares of other shallow trees including 7 hectares of peanuts, 17 hectares of corn, 30 hectares of legumes of all kinds.
foldable
Implementing the program to contact voters before the 9th session, the 14th National Assembly. On the morning of 7.5, Le Cong Nhuong, Director of the provincial Department of Science and Technology had a meeting with voters before the 9th session, the 14th National Assembly in Vinh Thanh district.
The preparation of the Party Congress at all levels for the term 2020-2025, proceeding to the 18th Congress of deputies of the district Party; Cadres work; Construction of grassroots organizations of the Party and Party members; Internal political protection
To step up the mobilization of resources for the implementation of the Action Month in support of victims of violence and abuse, disadvantaged women and children
2017: 11,700 million VND
Recently, in the communes and towns in the districts, the situation of youth violating the road traffic law occurred relatively common, especially the number of teenagers dropping out of school, often gathering to play wildly, drinking alcohol, participating in traffic without a helmet, carrying more than the prescribed number of people, speeding, recklessly overtaking, zigzagging, swinging, splinting on the road at night to lose traffic safety, causing public confusion.
He waited for his father.
Student housing projects are adjusted to increase construction density and land use coefficient by 1.5 times compared to the current construction planning standards.
In particular, reducing the time for processing tasks from receipt to notification of results of handling of administrative procedures; ensuring the continuous and systematic storage of information; facilitating the statistical reporting on the situation and results of implementation of administrative procedures on a daily basis.
To decide on the assignment and decentralization of the performance of the tasks of inspecting, examining and supervising the assurance of food safety for agricultural, forest and fishery products; to manage the quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily-life water under the management of the Agriculture and Rural Development Service in Binh Dinh province.
number of kilometers 
Are you feeling better?
Regarding the exploitation of marine resources, to concentrate on the performance of the following tasks :
child (knife) 
The Fatherland Front and mass organizations are regularly strengthened, security and order are maintained.
Attending the meeting in the district were Mr. Dinh Drin - Chairman of the district People's Council, Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Mr. Le Van Dau - Chairman of the district People's Committee.
In 2020, Vinh Thanh District Social Security Bank strives to increase outstanding debts by 7-8% compared to 2019, raising funds to reach 130%, total outstanding debts by the end of 2020 will reach 100% of the annual growth plan, overdue debt rate will be below 0%, interest collection will reach 100%; strictly comply with the rules, lending processes and procedures, improve the effectiveness of the Entrustment Association.
Plan to implement the scheme on development of 15,000 cooperatives, guide the implementation of the program on one product for each commune in the period of 2018-2020 and thematics on rural environmental protection; innovate and improve the effectiveness of rural production organization forms.
There were only four buffaloes in the whole village.
The district Farmers' Association has maintained and implemented 7 models of collective economy in communes and townships, namely: Vinh Hoa commune has a model of chili cultivation in Tien Hoa village, Vinh Hiep 2 commune has a model of "hybrid glue cultivation" in Ta Let branch and a model of "rice cultivation" in Thanh Quang branch, Vinh Thuan commune has a model of "cashew harvesting" in village 4 branch, Vinh Hao commune has a model of chili cultivation in Dinh Nhat branch, Vinh Thinh commune has two models of "cashew cultivation" in M2 branch and a model of "freshwater fish farming" in Vinh Hoa branch.
Structure Orientation
To guide the implementation of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg of July 13,2010, on a number of policies to encourage and support fishing and aquaculture and fishing services in remote sea areas;
close to light 
To gather and select outstanding works and praise literary and art works on the theme of production labor and national culture.
was (praised) 
To protect and promote fine traditional cultural values in localities; at the same time to create a strong change in the perception of building prosperous, progressive and happy families; to prevent and combat domestic violence; to eradicate backward customs and practices, actively contributing to the movement to build cultured families and cultured villages.
Livestock breeding
Pursuant to the Decision No. 3408/QD-BNN-QLCL dated December 20,2010 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
However, mountainous communes are particularly difficult, so the process of implementing the national target program to build a new countryside in Vinh Kim commune also faced many difficulties.
tinder nest 
depending,
ethnic group
I'd love to have a parrot to keep.
Along with the propagation work, the institutional reform has been advised by the Department of Home Affairs to the district People's Committee to develop and issue regulations and operational regulations of specialized agencies and the district People's Committee.
Directive No. 1391/CT-BNN-PCTT dated 25/02/2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development 
In order to contribute to building a stronger and stronger Women's Union, creating more conditions for women to develop in all aspects, build prosperous, equal, progressive and happy families, the Women's Union at all levels has always paid attention, especially to activities in support of economic development and health care, increasingly promoting its effectiveness.
the clay,
The output of steam beef exported in 2015 reached 31,849 tons; the output of high-quality beef in 2016 reached 2,160 tons, accounting for 6.78%; in 2020 reached 48,405 tons; in which, the output of high-quality beef reached 7,520 tons, accounting for 15.53%.
To direct People's Committees of communes, wards and townships in assigning grassroots veterinary medicine establishments and village chiefs to monitor and supervise epidemics and manage animal raising.
To propose and implement policies to support farmers in applying scientific and technical advances, agricultural, forestry and fishery extension, market information and consumption of agricultural products.
last year,
footjobs
It's the largest in Vinh Thanh.
- To prepare programs, contents and documents in service of the Council's meetings.
Vocational training for rural laborers, especially mountainous laborers, is a major policy of the Party and the State to help people have conditions to eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty, striving to eliminate poverty with their own labor.
Alcohol
Regularly propagate, educate and remind students to strictly implement Covid-19 prevention and control measures: Do not gather in large numbers, only leave the house in case of necessity, wash hands regularly, wear masks when going to school and public places, strengthen self-protection to contribute to limiting the spread of the epidemic.
When the tree produces fruit, in each sprout site grows 2 - 3 branches, pruning off the weak branch, pests retain strong branches. The remaining fruit branches are cut off the top, leaving 8 - 9 leaves. 
The average rate of poor households will be reduced by 5.2% annually; national defense and security will be ensured and people's material and spiritual lives will be significantly improved.
Localities often affected by floods are: Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Thinh 
Over the past years, while holding the title of Vice Chairman of the commune People's Committee under the project, with the attention and direction of the Standing Committee of the district Party Committee, the help of the specialized branches, the attention and coordination and facilitation of the Party Committee, the People's Council, the People's Committee and the National People's Committee of the communes under the scope of regulation of the project, creating conditions for the project team members to organize and effectively implement the Scheme on socio-economic development of the locality; implementing and well implementing the policies under Resolution 30a of the Government,
After being propagated by veterinary officials of districts and communes, his family has regularly implemented epidemic prevention measures for his family's poultry flocks.
As a result, two machine guns were recovered in two communes of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim.
doors and entrances
The deployment model is supported by the people in the Village
In personnel work, the Party Committee branches shall select comrades who fully meet the criteria, have political stance, moral qualities, capability and prestige according to the Party's regulations to be elected to the new Party Committee with a rational structure and in line with the personnel orientations already agreed upon by the Party Committee Standing Committee.
Since 2017, Vinh Son Commune has been implementing the Safe Vegetables Project funded by the New Zealand Government, bringing Bana ethnic community here access to science and technology in safe vegetable production.
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh district will continue to promote the propagation, consultancy and recruitment of laborers to work abroad.
Through 5 years of implementing the emulation movement of exemplary veterans, in the area of Vinh Thanh district, there have appeared many examples of exemplary veterans in all fields and have a strong spread in the community, contributing actively to the construction and protection of the Party and the government, helping each other develop the economy to rise in life, and contributing to fighting and repelling crimes and social evils throughout the villages.
On the implementation plan:
- Capital for plant development;
At the request of the Department of Finance in the Statement No. 594/TTr-STC dated October 10,2017,
No, four more days is too long. Tam has to go to school the day after tomorrow.
And recognize traditional professions, trade villages, traditional trade villages in Binh Dinh province issued 
Inspecting and guiding people to travel at wharves, overflow bridges, underground to ensure safety for life and vehicles.
The deployment of perch farming model in Vinh Thanh district aims to diversify freshwater aquaculture subjects, effectively use freshwater ponds and lakes available in the locality, contributing to increasing incomes and improving the living standards of farmers.
In the first 6 months of 2019, branches, communes and townships continue to build large-scale field models in localities on an area of 261.7 hectares, reaching 92.5% of the plan.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 174/TTr-SNN dated May 28,2020;
Accordingly, the meeting will be conducted in 2 sessions 
the pickaxe,
The doctor said it wasn't a fracture, it was a sprain.
stepfather - husband sister mom
What day is it today?
To manage newly arrived malaria victims in malaria - stricken areas; to properly forecast and prevent malaria epidemics at the grassroots level, to intensify public information work in order to step by step raise the awareness of people about malaria prevention and control so that they can understand how to protect themselves and their families.
Over the years, the investment in infrastructure construction has been paid attention to Vinh Thuan commune.
flock (chicken) 
Joel's grandfather knew many stories of the Babylonians. On full moon nights he would tell them to him. In the stories he told, there was the wise rabbit who helped him kill the tiger, and the poor boy who met the fairy by the stream.
Decision No. 96/2009/QD-TTg dated July 22,2009 of the Prime Minister
Notify the time and location for completing examination procedures; collect examination fees; time and location for review (if any);
The former wastelands are now green, the green of noodles, the green of rice, the green of vegetables and the green of raw materials.
no... no...
On the basis of the assignment and decentralization prescribed in Article 1 of this Decision and other law provisions, to assign tasks to specialized agencies under their management and concurrently decentralize the management to People's Committees of communes, wards and townships in their localities;
This result contributes to improving people's satisfaction with the service of Vinh Thanh district's administrative agencies, while strengthening confidence and creating great encouragement for Party Committees, administrations and cadres, civil servants and public employees in the district.
Ms. Dang Thi Xuan Thuy, Specialist, Division of Primary Education, Department of Education and Training
The provincial People's Committee promulgates guidance on implementation of a number of policies to encourage and support fishing, aquaculture and fishing services in remote sea areas
Thanks to her hard work, diligence, application of scientific and technical advances to production, choosing the right direction, in 2019, Ms. A Ngat's family has profited more than 400 million VND.
According to Dong Tam Vinh Thanh Thermal Cassava Starch Co., Ltd, said: Every day the factory buys from 300 - 400 tons of raw noodles from the province's noodle growing areas and the Central Highlands provinces to serve processing.
In Kon Đruch village, Yôl's grandfather was the oldest. His beard was white, and his hands were as stiff and wrinkled as the bark of a banyan tree in the forest.
Members of the reconciliation team shall always be close to each other, grasp and settle most of contradictions arising within the people, settle in a stable manner contradictions and strife among the people, contributing to ensuring security and order and consolidating the great national unity bloc.
Deputy Director: Mr. Nguyen Van Dung, Director of the Department of Tourism.
In recent years, besides the central support, the province has also invested tens of billions of dong to help Vinh Thanh build infrastructure, creating favorable conditions for the locality to develop social economy, gradually shortening the gap between mountainous and delta areas.
The annual assessment and review of leading and managerial cadres, classification of cadres, Party members and grassroots Party organizations must comply with regulations and guidance of superior authorities.
Export workers are mainly located in Korea, Taiwan and Japan.
Changing the structure of seeds and traditional cultivation habits, raising productivity, solving on-site food demands and contributing to ensuring sustainable food are the results achieved by the programs to bring hybrid rice to ethnic minority areas in the district.
aim (gun) 
Okay, so,
shaggy hairy
And what about,
In the past tenure, the Party Executive Committee of Vinh Hiep commune has focused on leading the entire political system to unite and strive to emulate productive labor, socio-economic development, maintain security and defense, successfully achieve the socio-economic objectives and tasks set by the Resolution of the Party Congress.
Decision on announcement of list of new administrative procedures in livestock production under management of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province
step out,
lust,
Organizing many activities to support women to escape poverty and get rich, actively contributing to hunger eradication and poverty alleviation in the locality.
To train and develop human resources for marine tourism; to retrain and raise the capacity of the tourism workforce for management and administration of enterprises and the tourism profession and community - based tourism communication.
- Relevant policies to properly and effectively implement the contents of the approved Scheme.
To guide the management of investment projects on construction of dormitories for students, industrial park workers and students;
departing
Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of Vinh Thanh District People's Committee, said: "In particular, in implementation of Decisions 135, 134 and Program 30a of the Government, so far, more than 1,000 poor households and households with difficult policies have been supported to build houses.
Location: In Quy Nhon City.
To educate and build militia forces with firm political stance, sense of responsibility, willingness to receive and fulfill assigned tasks, truly being political forces, loyal and reliable fighting forces of the Party, local administrations and people.
Implementation plan for the 2021 - 2025 period 
Members: 
What kind of animals do you hunt?
Through the support from the project programs, ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh have now gradually accessed new health services, the quality of medical examination and treatment continues to be improved.
Organizing conferences to review the implementation of "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" in Binh Dinh
On the occasion of preparing for the Lunar New Year 2020, the Provincial Party Committee Secretary wishes her relatives a good health, happiness and a better life than the previous year.
Face Painting
Especially disaster developments at the end of 2019, storms and floods have caused damage to people's property.
The Pham Van Trinh Scholarship was established by Pham Hong Cuu's family at the aspiration of his father, Pham Van Trinh, to help disadvantaged pupils and students in Binh Dinh province rise up in learning.
Article 2. Subjects of application
Assignment and decentralization of tasks of inspection, examination and supervision of initial production establishments of agricultural, forestry and fishery products to ensure food safety (attached to Appendix 2);
- To propose, discuss, vote and vote on matters falling under the Council's tasks.
Cuttings are not crushed, close. Cuts of two cuttings 4 - 5 cm from the eye. 
Purchased electricity output 5,742,459 kWh, reached 47% of the plan, an increase of 3% over the same period; consumed electricity output 5,368,950 kWh, reached 49% of the plan, an increase of 3%, the rate of power loss of 6.5%; domestic water supply 272,240m3, reached 53% of the plan, an increase of 5% 
To assume the prime responsibility for, and reach agreement with managing agencies and training institutions on, permitting the change of land use purposes for construction of student dormitories.
After two days of implementation, gynecological examinations were conducted for 55 people, an increase of 30 people compared to the plan; contraceptive measures were provided for 5 people; hysteroscopy was performed for 50 people; cervical cancer screening was performed for 50 people and counseling was organized for many ethnic minority women in the area of childbirth in the commune.
peeping,
chairs,
Vinh Thanh District was recognized by the Steering Committee of the Provincial Population and Housing Census in 2019 as the second locality in the province to complete the census early.
male young men
To pay attention to well implementing the work of mass mobilization and military rear policy
Contents: Subject matters agreed upon in the operation program of the Children's Council shall focus on the following main contents:
squirrel
Department of Science and Technology
Major Solutions Groups
According to the report, Vinh Kim commune has a total land area of 16,023.67 ha.
In Kon Đruch village, Uncle Nam is the best farmer. Ten years ago, like many other Bana families, Uncle Nam's family was not a prosperous family. Although he worked hard all year round, he could only eat enough. Unhappy with the poverty, Uncle Nam boldly borrowed money from the bank to develop animal husbandry. Initially, he only bought one buffalo, two breeding pigs. Thanks to knowing how to care for buffaloes, Uncle Nam's pigs grew very quickly. Only a year later, he had one more baby and more than a dozen piglets. Then he bought more goats, cows, chickens. His cattle and poultry herd so more and more. Uncle Nam's house has become a large ranch. He has built a house, bought a television, a motorcycle.
Department of Information and Communications, Binh Dinh Radio and Television, Binh Dinh Newspaper
The kindergarten in Vinh Son commune is one of the schools with many difficulties in Vinh Thanh district, lack of equipment, learning tools, roads are still difficult.
Presidents of People's Committees of districts, relevant organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision from the day on which it is signed.
bitter,
These are extremely disadvantaged households. Mr. Ha Van Cat - Chairman of the Provincial Board of Directors and Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the District People's Committee attended, presented and encouraged the families.
Along with the province's support seeds, Vinh Thanh District has also invested in fertilizers, transferring scientific and technical advances to people by hand.
Considering the Report No. 57/TTr-UBND dated June 28,2019 of the provincial People's Committee 
Since the beginning of 2019, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has focused on leading grassroots Party organizations and mass organizations to overcome difficulties and strive to implement targets and tasks with the highest determination.
Meeting to ask for opinions on building the Provincial Children's Council model
Assignment and decentralization of tasks of inspection, examination and supervision of agricultural, forestry and fishery product production and trading establishments to ensure food safety (attached to Appendix 3);
For fish farming on Dinh Binh reservoir, to further encourage people to develop and expand fish farming areas suitable to the reservoir bed volume.
To step up the study and observance of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style, raise the revolutionary ethics, wipe out individualism and implement Uncle Ho's testament; to practice thrift, combat corruption, wastefulness and bureaucracy, revise the working style, raise the sense of responsibility, devote all of their energies to serving the Fatherland and the people, and build our Party into a clean and strong one that is ethical and civilized.
To make farmhouses.
How much will it cost?
To study and put into production new plant varieties and animal breeds of high yield and quality, highly resistant to pests and diseases and adaptable to climate change conditions.
On September 15, all 9 communes and townships in Vinh Thanh district organized the election of village chiefs and neighborhood chiefs for the 2019 - 2021 term.
To inspect and examine the use of the above funding sources according to regulations.
To inspect the provision of loans to disadvantaged pupils and students by the district-level Social Policy Bank
The elderly said that from the old days, the village of Barna had the largest, most beautiful stilt house called the rong house. The rong house represented the prosperity of the village.
In the implementation of learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district always directs the agencies, units, communes and townships to closely follow the tasks of the units and localities to build appropriate action programs.
The hammer.
In Binh Dinh, the survey will be conducted in 53 communes and 95 localities in five districts: An Lao, Vinh Thanh, Van Canh, Hoai An, and Tay Son.
swirl (swirl) 
In response to the announcement of the "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" on April 19, 2009 and the 2009 Binh Dinh Mountainous Ethnic Culture and Sports Festival.
Annually, the rate of eligible Party members who well fulfill their tasks will reach 90% or higher.
Choose sandy soil or light meat.
Research results show that cashew nuts at a humidity of 9% can be easily preserved without affecting the quality of cashew nuts inside.
He saw a woman in a white uniform, about thirty years old.
Vice Chairman of District People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao wishes that families with support from donors will build a new and more spacious house for themselves.
At the M2 Village Women's Association, Vinh Thinh Commune chose to deploy the thrift practice model, many women responded such as: raising pigs at home thrift, building love rice jars, thrift practice follow Uncle help each other reduce poverty sustainably.
forest 
At the same time, to increase supports for production development and livelihood diversification together with investment in infrastructure in poor communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties; to reduce support policies without conditions, increase support policies with conditions and preferential credits for production development, vocational training, employment generation and labor export.
The Department of Natural Resources and Environment shall strengthen inspection and supervision of organizations and individuals licensed to exploit, transport, gather and trade river bed sand and gravel to ensure no impact on safety of dikes.
Pets: Processing of pet products; consumption of pet products.
During the fruiting period, the flowers are shed and the fruits are cut, which affects the yield. You can use one of the following drugs: Padan 95SP, Sherpa 25EC, Cyperan 25EC.
Having diplomas and training certificates suitable to working positions;
Bought it.
Units managing the operation of dormitories for students shall formulate rules on the use of dormitories for students and publicize them for lease to relevant units and individuals.
MECHANISM AND POLICIES:
In the first quarter, the district police has actively coordinated with the departments, branches, associations and unions of districts and People's Committees of communes and townships to propagate, disseminate and educate law and launch the movement All people protect national security to participate in crime prevention and combat before, during and after the Lunar New Year 2020.
To publicize on the mass media the list of eligible and ineligible establishments to ensure food safety under the scope of assignment and decentralization;
At the conference, delegates agreed on the targets in the Resolution on leadership for the implementation of the 2020 tasks, including: completion of 100% of recruitment targets; 88.89% of Party Executive Committees with Party Executive Committees; 100% of cadres trained according to decentralization; 100% of Party Executive Committees and organizations successfully fulfilled their tasks, of which 20% excellently fulfilled their tasks.
Vinh Thanh District has issued a Decision on approving the list of poor households and near poor households in 2019 in the district. 
numb numb numb 
Pursuant to the Law on Promulgation of legislative documents dated June 22, 2015 
The two girls nodded shyly in agreement.
they,
In particular, focus on some objectives and targets such as: The average economic growth rate increased by 14.9%; strive to raise the average per capita income to 20 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households annually reduced from 6 to 7%; the rate of rural laborers trained over 40%; budget revenues increased by 8% or more; annually, 20% of Party members achieved clean and strong or more, no weak members; the rate of admission of Party members annually reached 5-6% of the total number of Party members.
Implementing the appeal letter of the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district to agencies, units, organizations, enterprises and individuals inside and outside the district to support the prevention and control of Covid-19, on the afternoon of August 8, leaders of Vinh Thanh District Police arrived and handed over an amount of VND3 million to the Interdisciplinary Disease Control Team for Covid-19 Prevention and Control of Vinh Thanh District located at Go Lei Station.
The total estimated investment capital for Phi Long Bay kiln in the first phase is VND 15 million from the provincial budget.
a moment,
Mr. Truong Dong Hai, Deputy Director of the Department of Culture and Sports
In the dry season, the night in the highlands is a little cold. It seems higher. The wind blows strongly. The moon leisurely walks on the arch of the sky, shining easily down the mountains and forests, down the villages of the Barnabas, the Hre, the Cham Hroi...
unfamiliar
Detection and seizure of 1,197 m3 of unclaimed violated timber
Development of seaport system
In the immediate future, to formulate specific programs and plans to help localities form concentrated animal slaughtering establishments in the direction of cooperative groups and cooperatives slaughtering animals on the basis of gathering small slaughtering households in different regions and localities;
Mr. Trinh Xuan Long - Deputy Director of the Department of Home Affairs;
Conditions and criteria for registration
Regular training and drills according to plans to improve the capacity of officers and soldiers and reduce damage caused by natural disasters.
Calcined
To promulgate the program on concreted rural roads in the 2016 - 2020 period in the province.
Through the project, to help people understand science and technology applied to production practices, contributing to fast and sustainable poverty reduction, creating diverse and abundant clean products to meet demand, market competition, improving the added value of products from the replicated model.
later on,
In the face of increasing dengue fever and complicated developments, the District Health Center has sent a written request to district associations, communes, townships and grassroots health stations to strengthen dengue prevention and control in the district.
Especially the program in response to the announcement of "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day"
The Relic Management Board shall be subject to the examination and inspection by functional agencies in the implementation of guidelines and policies.
VND 3.212,000,000 was allocated to the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (under the Health and Population Target Program in 2017 and 2018);
The Council shall only consider and approve dossiers submitted before September 30 every year.
In order to concretize the thematic learning in 2020, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee has developed a specific implementation plan to each branch and Party Committee under the district Party Committee.
threesome threesome
Article 2. Organization of implementation
Monthly, inter-teams and team councils of communes, wards or townships where children being council members are living or studying shall:
Consider organizing activities requiring state funding, strengthening socialization.
By noon they had finished weeding the corn. He cut the bananas, and Mom and Joel gathered the vegetables. She ran to fetch some water from the spring for her mother to drink. He looked at him and said, "Well done, my son's grown up," and Mom laughed at her. Then Mom and Joel put the bananas in their buckets, sometimes following them and sometimes running up ahead.
Reverse
In preparation for the festival, the school invited artist Yang Danh and artist Dinh Kim to provide advanced training for the students, this is also an opportunity to light up the pride of the traditional culture of the children's nation.
the hours,
queen bee 
chase away,
Agreed to be nominated by the Team's grassroots organization and the Team's officers.
Pre-planting seed treatment for gourd corn: Soak the seeds in clean water for 8-10 hours and then incubate, can be incubated with sand or rice husk, it is best to use damp sand to incubate. 
To successfully lead and direct commune-level defense drills; to fulfill 100% of troop allocation targets, ensuring lawfulness and quality; to lead and direct the strict maintenance of combat readiness regimes, firmly grasp the situation and coordinate with forces in ensuring political security, social order and safety in the locality.
Is there any Jarai in Pingding?
Proactively store water in lakes, ponds and low-lying areas.
To synchronously implement solutions on investment preparation, legal procedures in investment and construction, etc., in order to accelerate the implementation and disbursement of the value of completed volumes of works and projects.
As a result, there were 337 young people eligible for medical examination for military service in 2020.
I'm okay.
Soon.
Removing
In addition, because equipment and technology in industrial production, handicraft villages, cottage industries... are still obsolete and handmade, the production and business area has almost no wastewater treatment works, so the consequences of environmental pollution are increasing every day.
Now, there are all kinds of plants in the garden: cinnamon, jackfruit, mango, papaya, banana and gourd, squash.
Directive No. 34/2006/CT-TTg dated 26/9/2006 of the Prime Minister on the implementation of the Housing Law;
In accordance with regulations, ensuring practicality, effectiveness and balance between tasks and assurance conditions.
CNVC Series
The value of commercial production and services is estimated at VND 421,480 million, reaching 42.6% of the plan, up 19.6% over the same period.
It is known that the survey collected information on the socio-economic situation of 53 ethnic minorities in 2019 from October 1 to 31, 2019. 
Directive No. 55-CT/TU dated May 31, 2019 of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee on strengthening leadership and directing effective prevention and control of ASF in the province;
- Having sufficient conditions to report to the provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services for submission to the provincial/municipal People's Committees for approval.
by \
Funding sources for implementation: From the source of non - business expenditure for social assurance assigned to the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs in 2016.
At the launching ceremony, members are advised to be wary of tricks of "black credit" activists; to propagate and mobilize not to lend heavily; not to borrow money from organizations and individuals not yet managed by the State; not to carry out acts of advertising, introducing, distributing and pasting leaflets on high-interest lending activities.
It took them a long time to get to the window.
The older sister Yă Krua, increasingly jealous and envious, also went into the forest to find a rich husband.
In addition, every year, she also rents 3-5 hectares of her relatives in the village to plant short-term trees.
To direct the publicization on the mass media and the provincial/municipal Services' websites of the lists of establishments which satisfy or fail to satisfy the conditions for ensuring food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products, and establishments which fail to properly manage the quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily-life water under their respective management.
The Central Propaganda Department has just organized the implementation of the theme of learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh in 2020 on "Strengthening the great national unity bloc, building the Party and the political system clean and strong according to the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh".
Pig Breeding
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee's People's Counseling Board shall concentrate on propagating and stepping up the work of the administration's People's Counseling, well implementing the grassroots democracy regulation; continue implementing policies suitable to people of all strata, religions and ethnicities; step up patriotic emulation movements, focusing on the "Nice People's Counseling" emulation movement in association with learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style; build the entire nation's great unity bloc, build a clean and strong political system, contributing to socio-economic development, firmly maintaining national defense and security and protecting social security in the district in 2020.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 4545/QD-UBND dated December 12,2016 of the People's Committee of the province;
Talking with us about the change of his hometown, the eyes of Mr. Nguyen Van Thu, the old villager of Kob Tờ Lok, Vinh Thinh commune sparkle with joy: My village is a village quite a long time ago.
Programs in the Festival
From 2019 to 2020, the provincial budget shall support :
Thanks to changing the way of thinking, doing, thinking and business methods, the life of the people in the commune is increasingly stable and improved.
lemon,
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development 
column header
fringe
With a knife. Be careful, don't cut yourself!
Persons who pass public employee recruitment examinations must fully meet the following conditions:
With the aim of propagating and integrating with reproductive health care services, the Campaign has provided women of reproductive age with a lot of knowledge about reproductive health, how to take care of themselves for women, gynecological examination, reproductive health care services, health counseling for women of reproductive age...
panic,
To implement the master plan on development of livestock husbandry in Binh Dinh province through 2020.
Delegates attending the festival, in addition to reviewing the history and glorious traditions of the Vietnamese Fatherland Front in the past 89 years;
Investment in development of tourism and marine services
1 year/1 topic - 1 event: Choose a topical topic in the year on national culture to organize fruitful activities.
Mr. Dang Hong Tho - Deputy Director of Provincial Police;
swords
Or the success of the model of breeding pigs and chickens on biological padding invested by the district Agricultural Extension Station and the district Farmers' Association has attracted the participation of many mountainous people and neighboring areas.
cover up 
As of July 30, the whole district had 158 cases of the disease in 7/9 communes and towns, the most of which was Vinh Thanh town with 107 cases.
- To act on behalf of the directors to settle affairs falling under the directors responsibilities and competence when so authorized by the directors.
Decision on issuance of Plan for implementation of Directive No. 1391/CT-BNN-PCTT dated February 25,2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on enhancement of dike management and preparation for dike protection and flood control in 2020 in the province
Especially, the association cooperated with the departments to mobilize farmers to participate in contributing nearly 3000 days of repair and maintenance of 328 km of rural roads, 54 km of canals.
Organizing a team of volunteers to help the Festival Organizing Committee guide and interpret for foreign delegations during the festival.
Returning to daily life, veterans have always brightened up the quality of the Old Ho Army, taking the lead in all fields, continuing to devote their strength and intellect to the cause of building a more and more prosperous homeland.
On some policies to encourage and support fishing, aquaculture and fishing services in remote sea areas
Socio-economic development with an average increase of 14.5% per year, economic structure shifted in a positive direction; Infrastructure such as electricity, roads, schools, health stations are invested to meet the essential needs of the people.
On the afternoon of March 11, the Organization Board of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a conference to review the organization of Party building in 2019, implementing orientations and tasks in 2020.
Many Bana Kriem cultural individuals and families have achieved high achievements in labor, production and socio-economic development in the locality, becoming typical examples of ethnic minority people in the province.
Perform antibacterial hand washing, surface disinfection, floor cleaning, equipment, household appliances
Local forest rangers shall regularly approach people and grasp their feelings and aspirations in order to propagate, mobilize and change backward cultivation practices and awareness of people; intensify forest patrol and inspection; detect and promptly prevent illegal deforestation; raise the responsibilities of local forest rangers and forest owners in forest protection; authorities at all levels and branches shall quickly implement programs and projects on investment in production development, forest allocation, lease and contracted forest protection under the Government's Resolution 30a so that people can have stable incomes and associate their interests and responsibilities in forest management and protection.
redundant
Political security and social order and safety are ensured 
To build, upgrade and expand Tam Quan fishing port and 03 storm shelter anchorage areas, ensuring the anchorage, shelter and docking of 6, 245 vessels.
According to each specific project (support for infrastructure investment, credit, land, tax).
From this fund, many women members have used it for the right purpose and promoted its effectiveness.
chicken beetle
to go,
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Medium enterprises: The subsidy shall not exceed VND 150 million per enterprise (sublet area shall not exceed 5,000 m2 per enterprise).
The provinces, cities and branches in the whole country may send one or more delegations to participate (each delegation consists of 15 - 20 persons).
To organize, select and introduce pupils to participate in the Children's Councils according to the allocation norms and organize activities of the Children's Councils in the localities.
subsidence
hunting dogs
Along with the work of education and training, the protection and health care for ethnic minority people in the past 5 years, always the authorities and functional sectors of Vinh Thanh District special attention.
Article 8.-Duties and powers of the Council's secretary
squirting
Yesterday Dao had to go down to Vinh Thanh to buy.
On the morning of March 30, the Social Policy Bank of Vinh Thanh District gave the Medical Center of Vinh Thanh District 5 million VND for the procurement of medical equipment and instruments for Covid-19 prevention and control.
Valuable
The development of new party members is paid attention to, since the beginning of the term, 47 new party members have been admitted, bringing the total number of Party members of the entire Party to 192 comrades.
It had been a long time since he had seen the sun. The warm sun was beginning to shine over the village and the mountains, dispelling the long, cold days.
In 2019, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh township has focused on leading and directing the implementation of the Directives and Resolutions of the Party, policies and laws of the State; the Resolution of the 8th Party Central Committee, XIIth Congress; Directive No. 05 of the Politburo on learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh.
Time of deployment: From April to November 2020. 
Having the opportunity to return to Vinh Son highland commune, Vinh Thanh district, we witnessed with our own eyes the joy of many people about the new open road.
That way, relatives believe and really consider vocational training as a way to escape poverty.
Building an environmentally friendly countryside is one of the 19 criteria for building a new countryside, significantly affecting the quality of life of farmers.
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province
worries,
Pursuant to the Joint Circular No. 13/2014/TTLT-BYT-BNNPTNT-BCT dated April 09,2014 of the Minister of Health, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Minister of Industry and Trade;
because,
On the morning of February 12, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune held the opening ceremony of the 4th Congress of the 2020-2025 tenure.
rainy wind harmony
In order to improve the operational efficiency of the commune-level government, especially the exchange of experience in the operation of the two commune-level People's Council Boards, on the afternoon of August 29, the Standing Board of the district People's Council held a survey on the organization and operation of the People's Council in Vinh Hiep commune.
In general, the Association's models receive the consent of its members, farmers and communities; the attention and facilitation of the Party Committees and administrations at all levels and the involvement of branches and mass organizations in the area for the model's activities.
doing,
moaning
15 - 20 days before flowering spray foliar fertilizer Growth 15WP + Flower 94 or high-grade foliar fertilizer Feed-DT02 cotton bud size (as recommended by the manufacturer). 
Fertilize finish: Every year need to fertilize finish at the time 
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously and promptly implemented the Government's programs and policies on ethnic minorities.
Works and projects on change of land use purposes on less than 20 hectares of special-use forest land: There will be 6 projects on an area of 56.35 hectares in the whole province;
Thereby, more and more good production and business households have appeared, while reducing the rate of poor households.
The congress is an opportunity to re-evaluate the effectiveness of ethnic policies in the past 5 years, while honoring typical examples of ethnic minority people in socio-economic development, security and order.
Honeysuckle
Any problems arising in the course of coordination shall be reported to the superior agencies for settlement.
Through 5 years of implementing the emulation movement of exemplary veterans, in the area of Vinh Thanh district, there have appeared many examples of exemplary veterans in all fields and have a strong spread in the community, contributing actively to the construction and protection of the Party and the government, helping each other develop the economy to rise in life, and contributing to fighting and repelling crimes and social evils throughout the villages.
Establish teams for inspection and supervision of vaccination and epidemic prevention in localities; inspect slaughtering and trading of animals and animal products in markets and slaughterhouses.
Through the propaganda sessions, members and people have helped to understand the meaning, rights and responsibilities of their own in the implementation of the national program to build a new countryside, thereby actively contributing to the construction of a new countryside in the locality such as participating in land donation, making rural concrete roads, roads to production areas; and implementing the movement that each household will build fences, beautiful gates, safe corridors, airy, hygienic garbage pits.
Pick the mushrooms gently, avoid crushing the ears. Leave the ears in the sun until they are crisp and dry. Store the dried ears in a plastic bag, tie it tightly and leave it in a dry place.
To form a chain of mutual assistance, cohesion and continuity between them and between the locality and the province and the central government.
Implement the Action Plan to ensure food safety in the agricultural sector in 2020 in the province on schedule and effectively.
wicked
Name of the project: Caring for and additional planting of indigenous trees in protection forests.
Pursuant to the Law on Law dissemination and education dated June 20, 2012;
coconut tree
In addition, commune population officers shall coordinate with women's associations in distributing leaflets and documents on reproduction and family planning knowledge to women on their social occasions.
Echinacea used as a food is very popular, delicious and nutrient-rich. Echinacea is widely grown in many places due to its easy consumption and high economic efficiency.
Range of products
With that guideline and motto, the people of Vinh Thanh ethnic groups have resolutely fought against the malicious plots and tricks of the enemy, combining political struggle with armed struggle to defend and attack the enemy.
Total construction investment: 472,680 million VND. (Four hundred seventy two billion, six hundred eighty million VND). 
brave,
Vinh Thanh District Health Center has just implemented the additional vaccination plan for tetanus-diphtheria vaccine dose reduction in 2019 in the district. 
From planning to conducting specialized examination, supervision and inspection via the websites of provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Services and district-level People's Committees;
Department of Education and Training; Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs 
Under the leadership of the Party, our people are striving to emulate productive labor, determined to build the country more and more beautiful.
Young caterpillars burrow into the bark tissue, where the caterpillars have the sap secreted out along with the tree humus. Young caterpillars feed on the subepidermal tissue of the trunk of the tree creating nooks and crannies that clog the sap-conducting vascular tissue of the tree. The life cycle of the stem caterpillar is about 10 months. 
Jacketed
Up to now, 2/8 villages have been recognized as Cultural Villages by the district; more than 98% of households have won the title of Cultural Family.
Prune the tree during fruiting period 
We have both studied theory and practiced on safe vegetable growing model under the Safe Vegetables Project implemented by New Dilan Embassy in the locality.
battles,
Implementing the Prime Minister's Decision No. 71 on supporting poor districts in promoting labor export, contributing to sustainable poverty reduction in the 2009-2020 period.
Semi-public preschool education institutions and compulsory education institutions converted into public preschool education institutions and compulsory education institutions
(horse) pedal 
On the other hand, the results of monitoring avian influenza virus in our province are still high.
In which: Cross-breeding with Red Angus bulls: 54,050; Cross-breeding with BBB bulls: 56,450.
The Department of Culture and Sports shall prepare the contents of the examination for library staff. 
To promote trade in order to expand the markets for plant varieties and animal breeds in other countries according to law provisions.
Harvesting on trees: If it is necessary to harvest both seeds and cashews, the harvesting is carried out right on the trees. This method is often laborious but the fruits are also collected for other purposes.
Before the school year, the school has implemented many measures to propagate and mobilize students to return to school after the summer holidays to ensure the number of students.
Pursuant to the Law on Irrigation dated June 19, 2017;
In 2019, the anti-erosion embankment of the Kôn River was invested with a total capital of over 45 billion VND from the loan of the World Bank and reciprocal capital from the budget brought great joy to many people here.
Mr. Le Van Thuong - Deputy Chief Justice of the provincial People's Court;
Stage 4, right after the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam, focus on propagating activities to celebrate the success of the 13th National Congress; quickly announce the results of the National Congress and resolutions of the National Congress;
Article 2. The Steering Committee for formulation of the Scheme for agricultural restructuring towards value added improvement and sustainable development in Binh Dinh province in the 2014 - 2020 period has the following tasks:
Activities to encourage and create real jobs for the development of education and training, productive labor, culture, healthcare, hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, literary and artistic creation
Continue to assess and classify houses by storm level, focusing on houses in coastal areas
Attending were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee; Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Le Van Dau, Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Committee.
From there, applying to domestic animal husbandry, contributing to creating jobs and stable incomes for farmers.
promises,
The tuition fees requested for adjustment must be consistent with the tuition fee bracket specified in the Government's Decree No. 49/2010/ND-CP dated May 14,2010.
frightening,
Tuition fee exemption and reduction under Joint Circular No. 29/2010/TTLT- BGDDT-BTC-BLDTBXH of November 15,2010, are not applicable to general vocational orientation students.
The village was burned down, the people went into the forest to burn down the slope, and set up a new village.
At the conference, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee commended and rewarded 4 military branches with outstanding achievements over 10 years of implementing the Central Organization Commission's Guidance No. 35 on organization and operation of military branches of communes, wards and townships, including military branches of Vinh Hao, Vinh Thuan, Vinh Hoa and Vinh Thinh communes.
To use funds in annually assigned state budget expenditure estimates under the State Budget Law and mobilize other lawful support sources for these activities.
chen,
In the middle of the village there is a stream that flows into a large lake. In summer, Yôl often herds buffaloes and bathes there. Since Yôl was born and raised in Kon Đruch, he loves Kon Đruch very much.
Places
At the same time, using the existing sports and cultural institutions for martial arts activities, including the opening of martial arts classes for the community.
stubborn
- Possessing an intermediate diploma or higher in clerical and archival work; if he/she graduates from another discipline, he/she must possess a certificate of professional knowledge fostering in clerical work;
At the training course, trainees listened to some guidelines and policies of the Party, the State and the Central Committee of the Peasants' Association on participating in ensuring traffic safety, preventing and fighting drug crimes, black credit in rural and mountainous areas; the reality and solutions to ensuring traffic safety, preventing and fighting drug crimes, black credit in the province.
Dredging and clearing drainage axes to ensure water logging and flood drainage
A number of other tasks are involved.
Expanding automatic rain and water level monitoring systems to serve heavy rain and flood warning.
The advisory agency for implementation: To request the provincial Party Committee's Internal Affairs Committee to advise the provincial Steering Committee for Judicial Reform;
Tuition fees for general vocational guidance (used to cover material costs). 
Department of Finance: 
grandma,
The Relic Management Board shall work under the regime of head.
from.. to.. 
The cultural, information, physical training and sports and radio broadcasting activities have been increasingly developed, their quality has been raised, promptly serving the political tasks in the localities, the information and propagation of the Party's undertakings and resolutions, the State's policies and laws, and the promotion of the movement for building a new countryside.
Therefore, the number of families registered to achieve the title of studious family at all levels and units increased rapidly.
At the same time, organize the general cleaning, instruct students to take measures to prevent and control the epidemic, ensure school hygiene and safety.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Finance 
To coordinate with district Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Sections in annually organizing 2 - 3 short - term vocational training courses with vocational certificates for all trainees who are employed farmers and know how to apply their knowledge to family economic development.
From the beginning, the enemy regarded Vinh Thanh as a key point of destruction, the enemy's plot was to discover and destroy the revolutionary base and officials stayed with the provincial offices and warehouses and neighboring districts (Binh Khe, Phu Cat) in the district.
pick up,
Conversion of rice production to land crops
Thanks to that, 100% of staff and members are always bright examples, do not violate the policies and laws of the Party and the State.
At the same time, to actively mobilize people to well implement emulation campaigns and movements,
mail,
knee brace
not skillful,
At the same time, show rich, diverse, impressive, rich national cultural identity.
To mobilize forces to coordinate with the health sector in effectively implementing dengue epidemic prevention and control measures; mass organizations, communes, townships and health stations shall strictly implement dengue epidemic prevention and control measures in their localities under the direction of their superiors with a view to resolutely controlling and eventually stamping out the dengue epidemic in their districts.
Pursuant to the Law on Crop Production dated November 19, 2018;
This Regulation provides for working principles and operation of the council for recognition of traditional professions and trade villages.
Fibers
Each country and territory may send several delegations or factions to participate, with no restrictions on the number of athletes.
Supporting and developing cultural activities
Crop conservation and development orientation
Topic: "Ending violence against women and girls" 
During the term 2015-2020, the Party Executive Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has focused on leading the entire political system to unite and strive to emulate productive labor, socio-economic development, maintain security and defense, successfully achieve the socio-economic objectives and tasks set out by the Resolution.
In the implementation of the national target program on building a new countryside, over the years, communes have stepped up the propagation and mobilization of people to work together to build a new countryside in the locality.
In a locality where production land is small, mainly forest land, such as Vinh Hao commune, cage fish farming on irrigation lakes has opened new economic development directions, contributing to raising incomes for people.
Irrigation and drainage: Application of economical irrigation technology to manage humidity
To contribute to the implementation of a safe environment, say no to drowning in the district
Chairpersons of district-level People's Committees shall request localities to receive and promptly allocate rice in support of people, ensuring proper people and proper beneficiaries in order to promptly solve food difficulties for households in the above-mentioned localities.
Currently, the weather is in the rainy season, which is a favorable condition for wild mushrooms to grow more, especially in forests, fields, ponds, gardens... 
licking,
Tasks: To strive for the target that in the 2016 - 2020 period, the length of consolidated 590 km - long intra-field canals and ditches (grade - 3 canals) will account for 60% of the total length of grade - 3 canals and ditches (the total length of grade - 3 canals will be 2,944 km, of which 1,182 km will be consolidated by 2015 and 1,772 km by 2020.
In the past November, two poisoning cases have occurred in the district due to the mistaken ingestion of poisonous mushrooms by ethnic minority people in Dak Tra Village in Vinh Kim Commune and Kon-Kring Quarter in Vinh Thanh Town.
Promulgating the Plan for implementation of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 14/2019/QD-TTg dated March 13,2019
To provide professional training and guidance for specialized agencies assigned to conduct district - level inspection and supervision and officials assigned to conduct inspection.
Mold disease (late dew): Apply synthetic prevention measures (IPM), Remove diseased leaves to destroy, Use some drugs as follows: Copper oxide, Copper sulphate. 
Forgot to sleep.
To ensure that the sesame is sown evenly, the seeds should be mixed with sand or stove ash in the ratio of 1 seed/2 sand or ash. Ash has the effect of stimulating seed germination quickly, ants do not tolerate seeds. 
To actively promote its functions, tasks and role as a representative of the people's legitimate rights and interests; to step up the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city"; to direct the organization of activities to celebrate the 89th anniversary of the Vietnam Fatherland Front's traditional day and the day of great national unity.
Request for promulgation of policies on support for development of trade villages and rural trades in Binh Dinh province during 2019 - 2025;
Huge,
After two competitions, the organizers awarded the first prize to Vinh Quang commune; the second prize belonged to Vinh Thanh town and Vinh Kim commune, the third prize was awarded to three units: Vinh Son, Vinh Hoa and Vinh Thuan communes.
Promoting the propagation, education and promotion, contributing to the effective implementation of
In the coming time, Vinh Hoa commune will continue to create conditions for entrusted associations and mass organizations to borrow capital.
On October 19, the Women's Committee, the Trade Union of the Office of the Provincial People's Committee organized a visit, exchange and presents for the unit that ended the Labor Union of Vinh Hoa commune, Vinh Thanh district.
Structure
For concentrated student housing projects, priority will be given to students studying at schools in the region.
At the same time, it is requested that Party committees and local authorities continue to pay attention to households that still face many difficulties in life.
Mr. Mai Thanh Thang, Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee;
hold 
To perform other tasks assigned by directors of provincial - level Culture. Sports and Tourism Departments in accordance with law.
The Party Committee of Vinh Hao commune also directs branches and mass organizations to step up consultancy and vocational training activities for rural laborers, coordinate in organizing training courses and transferring scientific and technological advances to people, especially poor households, for application in cultivation and husbandry, aiming to bring about economic efficiency.
The model of clean vegetable cultivation, sturgeon farming and exchanges with prestigious people and ethnic minority people in K3 Village.
Cooperatives and cooperative groups are entitled to the same support levels as small enterprises.
The ethnic minority people shall be entitled to participate right from the elaboration of programs and plans to the organization of implementation thereof and enjoy such achievements.
There are 11 administrative units (01 city, 01 town, 03 mountainous districts, 02 midland districts, 04 delta districts);
Through 7 weeks of training, 1 day a week from September 12 to October 24, 2019, trainees are equipped with knowledge about the production process of temperate vegetables such as:
tacos,
tomorrow,
see,
Attending the meeting were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh – Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee, Standing Members of the District Party Committee, the District People's Council, the People's Committee of the district, leaders of agencies, departments and unions of the district and delegates of the 11th district People's Council.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 45/2014/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 03,2014 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
rotten,
No, no, no.
At the same time, it is expected that the collective of managers and teachers of the units will continue to devote their intellect, health and enthusiasm to becoming a bright example of ethics and job love, constantly improving their capacity and professional qualifications to develop the education of the district, worthy of the attention and care of the Party, the State and the people..
Ms. Pham Thi Thu Hong, Deputy Director of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs;
This preliminary processing is very important both technically and economically because cashews are raw materials that need to be supplied year-round to the processing plant.
cleanliness and
From this capital source, many households have conditions to invest in production development, improve income, continue to send their children to school and improve the quality of life.
Vinh Hiep commune sets out the goal of striving to complete the system of roads of villages and hamlets; the internal field irrigation system of the concentrated production areas; builds, strengthens and develops the system of cultural institutions, improves the quality of the movement of cultured families, cultured villages, preserves and promotes the cultural identity of the nation, contributing to the achievement of socio-economic development goals of the home commune.
Guava...
Decision on issuing the Plan for implementation of the Action Month for Gender Equality and Gender-Based Violence Prevention and Control in Binh Dinh province in 2017
Over the years, thanks to the close leadership and direction of the Party Committee, the management and administration of the government and the propagation and education of the associations including the village's Campaign Board as the core.
Funding for implementation
Importing new breeds, exchanging gene sources for selection and creation of breeds; absorbing methods of research, selection, creation, scientific and technological transfer, production, preservation and processing of breeds towards modern industry of other countries and international organizations.
fontanelle,
She liked it very much when she heard Boong tell her story.
The Relic Management Board has the relationship to coordinate with the specialized departments and units directly under the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
Decision Amending and Supplementing Clause 2, Article 10 of the Regulation on coordination in the management of craft villages and rural trades
their name,
From the beginning of this year, the Station has organized medical examination and drug supply for more than 1, 300 patients, expanded vaccination achieved many results.
ribs,
If there is an equal number of opinions, the decision shall be made according to the opinion of the Chairman of the Recruitment Council.
whiskers
There were nearly 80 participants who were district and commune poverty reduction officers and commune and village investigators.
To raise the leadership and combat capabilities of the Party's grassroots organizations, continue to create clear changes in the quality of activities of the Party's Sub-Departments, making the Party's grassroots organizations strong in terms of politics, ideology and organization, and well perform their political tasks.
Choose soil for planting
ugly,
Especially, the association cooperated with the departments to mobilize farmers to participate in contributing nearly 3000 days of repair and maintenance of 328 km of rural roads, 54 km of canals.
To step up the propagation and mobilization of people under the guideline of diversifying forms and contents of propagation so that people strictly abide by the Party's undertakings and policies and the State's laws; to actively coordinate with the police forces in the fight against and prevention of crimes and social evils in localities.
meetings
I'd like to visit the capital like Mr. Boong.
Rong house is a place where festivals take place, a place to receive guests, a meeting place of villagers, also a place for young men and women to meet, confess their love and marry.
will do,
the bottom,
Why is it that,
roots
pick up (guest) 
- Solutions on epidemic prevention and combat;
The training course on mushroom cultivation and propagation aims to equip rural laborers with access to the technical process of mushroom cultivation, with sufficient knowledge to be applied to practical production, contributing to creating jobs, stable incomes, maintaining life, increasing labor productivity, changing occupations, and strictly complying with the Party's and the State's guidelines and policies.
Also noting the proposals and recommendations of the Steering Committee of the district movement, the Deputy Minister noted, it is necessary to continue to attach importance to the content of building a cultured family, improving the quality of the title in the spirit of Decree 122, defining the family as the foundation, the cell of society, it is necessary to pay more attention to moral education and lifestyle in each family.
In furtherance of the direction of the provincial Centers for Disease Control, in the coming time, the district health sector shall continue to intensify the grassroots malaria epidemiological surveillance; examine and investigate malaria epidemiology, mosquitoes transmitting malaria, take blood smears for tests and rapid diagnostic tests;
kidney balls
Practical and suitable
Residential model participating in environmental protection contributes to join hands to protect the green, clean and beautiful environment in the locality.
Directive on natural disaster prevention and mitigation, search and rescue in 2020
All deployment targets have been achieved and completed early compared to the set schedule.
Members: 
The remaining part shall be covered by the state budget and the remaining part shall be the investor's capital for the construction of 14 rural clean water supply plants with a total capacity of 46,700 m3/day and a total cost of VND 649.30 billion.
Tonight in Kon Đruch village, there's a ball.
Feeling
With the policy of establishing a professional association, forming a cooperative group to link the production chain and consumption of products, in 2017, Vinh Hao Farmers Association has mobilized members of fish farming here to establish the Cage Fish Farming Association with 15 members participating, so far has increased to 17 members.
In today's program, we would like to introduce Ms. Le Thi Thuy Ha - Biology teacher of Vinh Thanh High School, one of 35 typical young teachers and lecturers in 2019.
Heads of relevant departments and agencies;
In addition to the achievements, the recruitment and call-up of citizens for conscription and citizens to perform the People's Public Security Service in 2020 in the district still has some limitations such as:
To coordinate with provincial - level Culture, Sports and Tourism Departments in inspecting and supervising the Scheme implementation.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and advise provincial-level People's Committees on, issuing documents notifying the state of natural disasters and epidemics on a large scale for use as a basis for inspection and summarization and submission to the Government for debt charge-off and remission under regulations.
Thereby, gradually improving the quality of life of the people, at the same time contributing to the successful implementation of the socio-economic development goals of the locality.
Residential model participating in environmental protection contributes to join hands to protect the green, clean and beautiful environment in the locality.
stacking 
The action plan to ensure food safety in the field of Agriculture in 2020" in the province 
Among them, 15 borrowed capital from the district Socialist Bank with the amount of VND1 billion (437 million).
Therefore, it is necessary to formulate a scheme on investment in construction, upgrading and repair of agricultural and rural development works during 2021 - 2025 in Binh Dinh province.
Flags
You know, we go hunting not just to eat meat, but to protect our crops.
Industrial parks, complexes or planned locations of trade villages where technical infrastructure works and rural trade facilities have been completed;
If the applicant sends the application by post, the time when the applicant submits the application is the time stamp.
Traditional trades, trade villages, traditional trade villages and production establishments in trade villages recognized under decisions of provincial - level People's Committees.
To further develop livestock husbandry in association with the creation of animal feed zones
forgot,
Determining hunger eradication and poverty alleviation as key tasks in the district's socio-economic development strategy
Annual local budgets (including provincial budgets and district budgets)
Bamboo Shoots
Regarding agriculture and forestry: the total area of wet rice sown was 250.2 ha, an increase of 6 ha compared to the same period, reaching 91.55% of the plan, stable development of cattle and poultry herds; criteria such as land management, natural resources and environment are concerned and implemented; Judicial work, civil status, revenues and expenditures of the town budget are concerned: total budget revenues of 6 billion VND 623 million, reaching 124.19% of the plan; cultural and social fields are concerned.
Support level: The local budget shall support up to 60% of the total investment capital of a project but not exceeding VND 1 billion/project;
At the same time, maintaining and replicating new models, good practices, and effectiveness of the CCP and its member organizations such as,
Coordinating agencies: Provincial - level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees and concerned agencies and organizations.
Heads of agencies and units control work more conveniently. The coordination of work between departments is fast and accurate. 
Up to now, in the commune, there are many good economic development models such as the pumpkin planting model of Mr. Dinh Kheo of village 3, Mr. Dinh Sang of village 6 and the watermelon planting model of Dinh Thi Go of village 6... for an income of about 100 million VND / year.
speed up
vomit,
Models of scientific and technological application have been contributing to agricultural economic restructuring suitable to the conditions of mountainous, deep-lying and remote areas in the district.
In addition, the commune People's Committee propagates and mobilizes farmers to regularly exterminate rats from the beginning of the crop with many measures, focusing on caring, preventing and eliminating pests on rice and shallow crops, contributing to successful production of summer crops.
Together with Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the district People's Committee.
Team 2
Big Wisdom
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial - level Natural Resources and Environment Departments and related departments, sectors and localities in, formulating and implementing scientific research and technological development schemes for sustainable development of marine economy.
At the conference, the town Party Committee also commended 2 collectives and 28 individuals for excellent completion of the tasks in 2019.
The provincial delegation is the standing unit of the Children's Council.
Introduce to international friends about the homeland, country and people of Binh Dinh.
In which, Vinh Son commune has 04 comrades, Vinh Thuan has 03 comrades.
The People's Committees of districts shall request the People's Committee of the province (via the Department of Finance) in writing to provide assistance if the local budget is not sufficient.
For direct sowing: Trace the seeds in the hollows on the incision 7-12 cm apart, each hollow 1-2 seeds. Or can plow a line along the bed to make a groove and trace the seeds along the groove. 
Pursuant to the Decision No. 4384/QD-UBND dated November 22,2017 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province;
Do not impose, must respect the customs and practices of ethnic groups.
The necessity...
It hurts.
When the plant is young 1-3 years old regularly monitor and knock off shoots in time, to fix 1 main stem, cut the lower branches, leaving only the branches at a height of 0.6 m or more from the ground. 
In addition, local associations and mass organizations should further intensify propaganda and education to raise awareness and responsibility for forest protection for people to understand the harmful effects of deforestation.
hundreds of
The support for construction of houses for people caused by natural disasters or fires shows the timely attention and direction of local administrations, aiming to create conditions for families to have places to live to ensure and stabilize their lives.
Funding for implementation of the Program
To step up the propagation and dissemination of policies and organize professional training for officials and members.
Support for farmers
Through inter-provincial and inter-district friendly competitions and local tournaments
With the proactiveness in natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue, Vinh Thanh district will be ready to respond promptly to natural disasters of all kinds, especially in the upcoming rainy and stormy season, striving to minimize human and property losses caused by natural disasters, contributing to local socio-economic development and stabilizing people's life in the district.
shelves (it) 
Between
The Department of Industry and Trade shall take charge and cooperate with the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in directing the regulation of water in hydroelectric reservoirs to provide water for domestic and production purposes.
To bring into play the achievements, in Vinh Thanh district, to continue mobilizing resources for investment in infrastructure development, stepping up economic restructuring in the direction of commodity linked with enhancement of agricultural and forestry extension, transfer and application of scientific and technical advances.
The total capital of the Peasant Assistance Fund at all levels in the district is VND 3.2 billion. With the capital of the district Peasant Assistance Fund, the Executive Board of the district Peasant Assistance Fund shall disburse VND 150 million for five projects in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Hao and Vinh Quang communes, mainly husbandry projects.
Up to now, the entire district has built dozens of typical models of "Nice People's Stadium" in the economic, cultural - social, security and defense domains.
Pursuant to the December 3,2004 Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents of People's Councils and People's Committees;
Improving the quality of human resources for research and breed production
Inspection and supervision to announce fish balls safe with banned substances ( borax), fish sauce safe with industrial pigments in Quy Nhon city.
Over here, in order to create opportunities for all children in the district to participate in the Mid-Autumn Festival 2019 happy, warm, safe, healthy
Assignment of responsibilities
Article 2. Scope of regulation
What do you have to bring with you to mow the lawn?
Over the past time, the Women's Union at all levels in Vinh Thanh district has promoted the propagation and mobilization of its members to effectively implement thrift models to help each other develop economy, eradicate hunger and reduce poverty, build prosperous and happy families, build rich and beautiful villages.
Uh, no.
Current status of agricultural infrastructure
population collaborator mesh
In addition, because equipment and technology in industrial production, handicraft villages, cottage industries... are still obsolete and handmade, the production and business area has almost no wastewater treatment works, so the consequences of environmental pollution are increasing every day.
Through this, to strengthen the propagation of environmental protection and response to climate change, making an important contribution to raising awareness and changing the behavior of people on the responsibility for environmental protection in residential areas.
The economic structure shifted in a positive direction, the proportion of agriculture - forestry - fisheries accounted for 51.4%, trade and services accounted for 39.1%, cottage industries accounted for 20.4%; per capita income reached 22.5 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households decreased by an average of 4-5% annually. There were 100% of households using the national grid and using hygienic daily-life water.
To ensure thrift, combat corruption and wastefulness and fully observe the accounting reporting regime as prescribed by law.
Support mechanism and norm: 
usually,
So there's no forest fire without burning?
Currently, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has 51 grassroots Party organizations, through assessment and classification at the end of the year, there are 47 grassroots Party organizations successfully fulfilling their tasks, including 09 grassroots Party organizations excellently fulfilling their tasks.
In addition to the work of propagation and mobilization, the district Veterans Association also focuses on promoting emulation and emulation for economic development, helping each other eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty among its members and the people.
Practical support and employment activities to develop the cause of education and training, productive labor, culture, health, hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, literary and artistic creation
My son,
My three brothers are at an ethnic minority boarding school down in Vinh Thanh District.
Hrea...
Ms. Pham Thi Xuan belongs to the household entitled to the policy regime for Martyrs' relatives with simple housing.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned departments and branches in, inviting authors and directors to participate in the elaboration of,
Representative of the Office for Civil Servants and Gender Equality, Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs: 01 person. 
Integrate with other events to create media effects
know,
Communes and townships shall work out specific plans and allocate funds for the organization of Mid-Autumn Festival activities for children in their respective localities.
Collected garbage is treated by burning, or gathered in convenient areas for transportation to other places for destruction, many families have initially built habits and awareness of environmental sanitation in the community.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 1696/QD-TTg dated October 02,2015 approving the national action program on gender equality for the period 2016-2020;
Made of ironwood or surveyed wood. 
Spider mites: Often appear in the dry season causing dry burning noodles in each region, use Admire, Comite, Nissorun 
Returning to his hometown after the liberation with an infirmity rate of 61%, Nguyen Van Truong in Vinh Truong village, Vinh Thinh commune, Vinh Thanh district was contributed by villagers, helping him build a small house to cover the rain and sunshine.
Continue to implement the tasks assigned in the Decision No. 2409/QD-UBND dated July 06,2017 of the provincial People's Committee 
in winter
Results: 98% of children under 5 years old were fully vaccinated with basic vaccines, 100% of children under 5 years old were given vitamin A; 100% of pregnant mothers were fully vaccinated with tetanus...
Department of Health shall take charge and cooperate in implementing the Population and Reproductive Health Strategy during 2011-2020
Vietnam was the first country in Asia and the second country in the world to ratify the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child on February 20, 1990.
To work out plans on organization of congresses of Party cells and branches; to properly prepare personnel for Party committees in strict accordance with their statutes, regulations and regulations. From there, to create a high unity of will and action, to lead and direct the preparation work in all aspects in order to successfully organize congresses of the Party at all levels toward the XIIIth National Congress of the Party and well perform political tasks of localities and units.
Let's go slowly!
Besides, the district People's Committee also directs the functional sector to promote the transfer of technical advances to farmers, guides people to choose appropriate plants and animals.
The soil is not polluted by the environment, does not contain toxic residues, heavy metals or near industrial wastewater sources, hospitals
The life of ethnic minority people has been changed in both quantity and quality, the intellectual level has been significantly improved.
Method of separating fruits and seeds: The harvested fruit must separate the seeds and the fruit. The seeds must be removed from the stalk, clean the left flesh sticking to the seed stalk and can be washed thoroughly.
One of the bright spots in learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology and ethics on building thrift practice models is the Vinh Thinh Commune Women's Union.
The seventh...
Therefore, the construction of a new countryside sets goals and criteria for rural areas is also a challenge as well as a motivation and opportunity for the rural face to flourish on the rise.
Implementing the Plan No. 58 of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and the Plan of the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh District on the Party Congresses at all levels, by the end of 2019, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has completed the Congress of the Party's affiliated branches in accordance with regulations; directing the branches to associate the organization of the Congress with the implementation of patriotic emulation movements in all fields.
Opinions discussed by delegates of the People's Council at the meeting. 
This year's military handover ceremony in Vinh Thanh district was held quickly, solemnly and in accordance with the law.
Not only doing well the association, Ms. Dung also actively mobilized her family and relatives to comply with the Party's guidelines, the State's laws and regulations in villages and hamlets; participated in the movement to build a new countryside; well implemented the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas ".
Up the seedling bed 25 – 30 cm high, 1 – 1.2 m wide, with seedling grooves for convenient transportation, digging seedlings and good drainage.
From the beginning of February 2019, the prevention and control of Covid-19 disease has been given special attention and direction by leaders of the District Party Committee and the District People's Committee.
rinse the rice
Using frozen semen of Drought Master cattle to breed artificially with crossbred background cows with Zebu blood > 75%, to produce F1 Drought master crossbred cattle for meat breeding and select good females as breeders (Using domestically produced frozen semen).
Provincial People's Committee 
Dead bodies.
This was fertile ground back then.
Establishment of advisory council to select activities and programs periodically
Attending the ceremony were Mr. Colonel Huynh Van An, Deputy Director of the Provincial Police, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Secretary of the District Party Committee, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the District People's Committee.
The Department of Information and Communications shall take charge and cooperate with the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs in instructing local mass media agencies to :
Uh, yeah.
Regularly monitor and analyze surveillance data in a continuous and systematic manner, properly assess the situation and development trend of the epidemic in order to take appropriate preventive measures.
- The provincial/municipal Finance Services shall coordinate with the provincial/municipal Culture and Sports Services in evaluating the estimates of funding for organizing the festivals' programs, then submit them to the provincial/municipal People's Committees for approval.
In the course of implementing policies, the district People's Committee has focused on directing the assignment of scientific and technical advances, decentralizing the management of policies and the process of urbanization, especially policies on vocational training, students and officials at all levels.
Through the time of learning and following Uncle, most cadres, Party members, civil servants, public employees and people in the commune have a positive change in perception and action, have the spirit of striving in "learning" and "following" Uncle's example, by specific jobs and according to the assigned responsibilities and tasks.
Support conditions: Local People's Committees shall formulate plans on hybrid rice production in areas with adequate irrigation water sources according to their annual production plans;
sunset,
In the current sunny conditions, the possibility of lack of irrigation water for production, so the commune People's Committee directs farmers to sow short-term varieties, with productivity, quality, good resistance to drought.
Focusing on training and fostering PBGDPL skills, updating information and legal knowledge
rooftops 
Appointed to teach Binh Dinh martial arts in France and Switzerland (2007, 2009 and 2011) for 2 months.
Mr. Mai Viet Trung, Deputy Head of Commune Office, Office of the Provincial People's Committee;
In addition, this summer, Vinh Quang commune plans to plant 298 hectares of noodles and 20 hectares of young corn trees.
In order to respond to natural disasters, the district steering committee for flood and storm prevention and control has organized the assessment of the current status of reservoirs and dams and identified key areas for flood and storm prevention and control; set out specific situations and solutions to handle situations caused by floods and storms, natural disasters that may occur; assigned specific tasks to the members of the steering committee and the relevant units.
In order to ensure political security - social order and safety continue to be maintained and stable, in 2020, the Party Committee of district Public Security set out a number of key tasks that need to focus on:
heavy duty
(Flower Ceremony, Incense Ceremony, exchange programs, performances combined with sightseeing at typical martial arts kilns...) in the area. 
Removing
Scooped
Article 1. Funding for the second phase of 2017 for implementation of policies on protection and development of paddy land in 2017 shall be allocated to budgets of districts, towns and cities with an amount of VND 11, 373.145,000, specifically as follows:
In which: The maximum provincial budget is 40% and the maximum district budget is 20% of the total project investment.
In addition, this summer, Vinh Quang commune plans to plant 298 hectares of noodles and 20 hectares of young corn trees.
The need for investment
Don't burn indiscriminately.
Warm
sleepy,
By 2020, the herd of cross-bred cows raised in farm households in the province is estimated at over 288 thousand cows, accounting for 90% of the total herd.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee; the directors of the provincial/municipal Services of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs and Finance;
It is known that up to now, Vinh Thanh district has 30 police officers who have been assigned to hold police titles in 9/9 communes and townships in the whole district.
One day they talked about begging for a child.
The administrative reform continues to be implemented effectively.
Regarding the field of education, voters of Vinh Thinh commune proposed that the National Assembly should consider giving children one day off from school on the occasion of the Mid-Autumn Festival every year.
In the coming time, we strive to complete the epidemic vaccination, in accordance with the plan outlined.
On the afternoon of July 22, the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh District held the 8th Congress of delegates, tenure 2019-2024.
Squirting
Mixing
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 63/2010/ND-CP dated June 08,2010 on controlling administrative procedures;
Ethnic minorities are the subjects of the activities and directly benefit from them.
This crop makes the rice look good, with more seeds, and with longer stems.
Forced
In order to respond to natural disasters, the district steering committee for flood and storm prevention and control has organized the assessment of the current status of reservoirs and dams and identified key areas for flood and storm prevention and control; set out specific situations and solutions to handle situations caused by floods and storms, natural disasters that may occur; assigned specific tasks to the members of the steering committee and the relevant units.
Wedges
In particular, promoting the propagation, education and mobilization of relatives in the family and community to participate and strictly comply with the regulations on environmental protection.
Female adults lay eggs individually into the openings of the stem root bark of 1m or less or the exposed part of the roots of the plant. After 4-6 days the eggs hatch. 
wipe off
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the directors of the provincial / municipal Services of Education and Training, Planning and Investment, Finance and Construction;
Relevant agencies and organizations and the persons mentioned in Article 1 shall implement this Decision./.
irony,
The question made the class nervous.
Document No. 413/UBND-KT dated 20/01/2020 of the provincial People's Committee on the implementation of Plan No. 398/KH-BNN-TY dated 13/01/2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and the guidelines for epidemic treatment, repopulation, biosafety breeding of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
sluggish
Schools shall themselves formulate projects on building dormitories in service of accommodation for pupils and students of each school.
long hair,
Decision No. 20/2015/QD-UBND dated August 06,2015 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province
Most of the martial arts studios, facilities are inadequate, the rainy season has no place to practice 
ghosts
fly,
In order to help people master the technical process of raising perch with square heads, the provincial Agricultural Promotion Center has organized training for households participating in the model and 10 households outside the model in Vinh Hoa commune.
- The Vice Chairman of the Council: The leadership of the provincial/municipal Home Affairs Service and Education and Training Service;
Immediately after Vinh Thanh district Party Committee has a plan to guide the organization of Party congresses at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has deployed to all subordinate branches; at the same time assign the standing members of the Party Committee of the commune to take charge of the branches regularly closely, direct and promptly remove difficulties and problems in the preparation of congresses at the grassroots level.
Weasel
The specific time and subjects of inspection shall be selected by the heads of the inspection teams and notified to the inspected units and households.
To continue stepping up and raising the quality of health, education and training, culture and information activities; to well achieve social security objectives and stabilize people's life
stained,
Investment Efficiency
Mixing medium: Mix 10 kg of rice bran and 15 kg of finely ground corn flour with 500 kg of moist sawdust to form a medium for growing earwigs.
Not only looking forward to the support of the State, the people of Vinh Thanh have promoted the spirit of self-reliance, striving to rise and effectively use these support sources.
Scorpio
Mobilize resources from the entire political system and the entire society for dike management and preparedness for dike maintenance and flood control in 2020 according to the "4 on-the-spot" guideline.
- Detecting that the successful candidates have used diplomas or certificates in contravention of regulations;
International cooperation in the field of breeding
The pig vaccination rate will reach 80% of the total herd, of which the pig vaccination rate at farms will reach 100%.
For large shrubs with deep root systems, use a clean bulldozer and then plow again once and harshly once, for small shrubs and weeds can be plowed once and harshly once.
The soil must be clean of pests, weeds, old crop residues, spongy, well moisturized and drained, proactively irrigated and protected seedlings.
Recently, the district People's Committee directed the local agencies and units to coordinate with the associations to continue the implementation of Decision No. 160/QD-UBND dated 08/02/2018 of the district People's Committee on issuing the Plan "Strengthening the dissemination and education of law, mobilizing people in ethnic minority and mountainous areas" period 2017 - 2021 in the area.
Paste the bag: Use a heat-resistant plastic bag, size 20 x 40 cm, paste 2 corners and turn it over, forming a bag with a square, flat bottom.
rabies,
With the spirit of dare to think, dare to do, Party member Dinh Thi A Ngat in village 2, Vinh Thuan commune is not only a pioneer in changing the crop structure but also a person who has enriched on the arid land of his homeland.
Regulations on tuition fee collection and management applicable to educational institutions
Rounding: 683.217.471 dong
To prioritize the development of marine economy in association with airspace management, protection of the sea and islands and building of the all - people posture in association with the people's security posture.
Article 3. Tasks of assigned agencies
If the area of a linkage is equal to or larger than 100 hectares, the linkage leader shall formulate a linkage project.
The conclusion of the Chairman or Vice Chairman (when authorized by the Chairman) must be made in writing.
silly,
Many households not only emulate good production and business but also promote the spirit of reciprocity among farmers such as Mr. Dinh Khuan, Mrs. Vo Thi Thu, Mr. Dinh Xuan Luat.
pulling
guests,
Ready to go.
wipe,
blindfold chick
Through the campaign "Each member registers a good job according to the moral example of Ho Chi Minh", the whole district has over 1,000 CCB members registered, reaching a rate of nearly 96%.
plating plants 
After off flower spray: Spray high-grade leaf fertilizer Breed-DT02 big fruit, leaf fertilizer Trimix-DT super big fruit, beautiful fruit
The implementation of programs and projects, particularly the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies in Vinh Thanh district, has always had good coordination among all levels and branches in the implementation process.
As a result, two machine guns were recovered in two communes of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim.
there's,
Vinh Thanh District is focusing on effective use of potential, resources and investment capital to create a breakthrough in economic restructuring associated with socio-economic infrastructure development towards fast and sustainable development.
next month,
I may not be back until late afternoon.
of both,
in addition to adjusting planting density, adjusting the leaf direction so that corn plants grow smoothly, giving high yields in the winter.
It is known that all the money will be transferred to the Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control of Vinh Thanh District to carry out the prevention and control of the epidemic in the area.
To advise provincial - level People's Committee presidents on directing the implementation of legal provisions on management of agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety, quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water in their localities.
Using hybrid corn varieties that reach over 95%;
Through the projects under the program "Supporting the application and transfer of scientific and technological advances for socio-economic development in rural and mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas, Vinh Thanh district has put scientific and technical advances into production, helping people in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas have a new awareness of science and technology.
Is there any Jarai in Binh Dinh?
In particular, the commune has directed the effective use of the project of production development associated with the value chain from the supply of materials and input services associated with the consumption of beef cow products is implemented in 3 villages O3, Dak Tra, Kon Tru with a total of 12 animals. 
To complete key transportation projects, including national highway 19 (section from Quy Nhon port to national highway 1).
To encourage the development of coastal industries and urban centers
lizard lizard
Comply with Clause 1 Article 12 of the Government's Decree No. 52/2018/ND-CP dated April 12,2018.
Being subject to the administrative handling measure of consignment to medical treatment establishments, educational establishments or reformatories.
Gender, sexuality, reproductive health and gender equality for students, teachers and education administrators
To advise the provincial People's Committee presidents on organizing the search for missing crew members and salvage of sunken cargo ships in coastal waters.
In addition to fertilizing plants after harvesting to quickly restore plants, the amount of fertilizer is as follows: Ure: 0.1 – 0.2 kg / plant, Superphosphate: 0.2 – 0.5 kg / plant, Potassium: 0.1 - 0.3kg / plant.
Decision on issuing the Plan for organizing the 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts - Binh Dinh in 2019
Young worms will hatch into the fruit or seed as these parts are wrinkled and fall. Young worms will fall to the ground and pupate living in cocoons in the soil. 
transformed into 
From the devastation and ruin after the war, following the words of the Party, Uncle, Bana people in Vinh Thanh unite efforts to build a homeland.
Flounder (fish) 
The locality has deployed the construction of 30 essential works for production and people's life with a total construction cost of over VND 20 billion.
radiating 
healing medicines 
Every day he transports goods from the town to Vinh Son to sell to relatives,
We're not used to houses on stilts.
To strengthen the inspection and control of the transportation and trading of cattle and poultry to timely handle the violations as prescribed.
translated
Take all your meds, and if it doesn't go away, you go to the infirmary.
Agriculture - forestry and fisheries: 5.9%; industry - handicrafts: 29.7%; trade - services and tourism: 19.1%.
Yôl loved the Kôn River because he had lived with the Kôn River since childhood.
peacock 
The student housing fund must be maintained and strictly managed during its operation and must not be repurposed without permission.
fertile soil 
Established a women's club to build a happy family
Due to the limited production level of local people, it is not yet known to apply science and technology to production. Initially, only traditional rice varieties with low yield and poor resistance to pests and diseases were planted.
the bridge
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned agencies in, advising provincial-level People's Committees on organizing a conference to review 10 years of implementation of the Law on Gender Equality.
It's a...
Subjects to be vaccinated against FMD are breeding sows and breeding males in the vaccination area, ensuring the herd protection rate.
I work out.
Vinh Thanh District is focusing on effective use of potential, resources and investment capital to create a breakthrough in economic restructuring associated with socio-economic infrastructure development towards fast and sustainable development.
The report presented by Vice Chairman of Bui Tan Thanh District People's Committee at the meeting specifies 
There they were. They hurried off and put them in their trunks. He worked and played, running to his mother and then to his father, sometimes staring at the yellow butterflies in front of him.
At the same time, the development of new party members is interested, from the beginning of the term to date has admitted 37 new party members, bringing the total number of party members of the Party Committee to 221 comrades.
There is a need for housing, proactively propose new locations and seek more capital sources
Accordingly, ethnic minority households in mountainous areas participating in the production of hybrid rice varieties are supported 100% of the seed price by the provincial People's Committee.
smoke,
More than 10 years of attachment to the profession - it is also the continuous effort of teacher Le Thi Thuy Ha.
On the morning of April 27, the district People's Committee delegation headed by Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, inspected the implementation of Covd-19 prevention and control at secondary schools in the district on the first day when students returned to school after a temporary break due to the Covid-19 epidemic.
Establishment of criteria for operation of a martial arts studio including: scale, area of training ground, training house, necessary equipment and tools, sanitary area, landscape and environment.
Currently, the weather situation is gradually transitioning to the rainy season, cold and flood conditions can occur at any time, complicated weather conditions will adversely affect the growth and development of livestock and poultry flocks and are the causes of epidemics.
It can be said that after 15 years of resettlement, the socio-economic situation in Vinh Thuan highland commune has seen many positive changes, national defense and security have been ensured, the people's material and spiritual life has been significantly improved, contributing to building the Party, building a clean and strong administration.
To support investment in improving infrastructure facilities (transport, irrigation, waste treatment, etc.) in concentrated seed production areas in localities, creating favorable conditions for the industrialization of seed production.
On this occasion, Vinh Hao commune gave 3 gifts to 3 disadvantaged households, each worth VND300,000.
The Women's Union of Vinh Thinh Commune has implemented the contents of learning and following Uncle by practical works, concretizing his teachings in association with the activities of the Commune.
saw,
On July 31, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a conference to review the Front's work in the first 6 months of the year and implement its tasks in the last 6 months of 2019
On cold days, to enhance resistance, buffaloes and cows should drink warm water with added table salt in the amount of 5 grams/100kg of body weight.
hairy tattoos
(water) overflow 
General objectives 
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh district will continue to promote the propagation, consultancy and recruitment of laborers to work abroad.
Refrigeration
Up to now, Vinh Son commune has achieved 5/19 criteria such as: TC1- Planning; TC4 - Electricity; TC8 - Post; TC13 - Frequent employment rate; TC19 - Security and social order.
Less
house (house) 
Up to now, there have been 30 farmers in Vinh Hao commune participating in the number of 30 rafts, each with 10 farming cells.
swoop down,
Cooperate in inspecting, assessing and assessing the fulfillment of criteria for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages by organizations and individuals.
Selection
Roofing Balloon
Since the project of safe vegetables funded by the New Zealand Government was implemented in Vinh Son, the lives of many people here have improved, with an average household cultivating 500m2 of safe vegetables, earning from 3.5 - 4 million VND / month.
Pursuant to the December 16, 2002 Law on the State Budget;
As a result, the life of Vinh Thanh people, especially in ethnic minority areas, has changed significantly.
Expansion of Thi Nai lagoon anchorage area
led,
Complete the traceability system, identifying labels for a number of key products that are certified safety by chain.
But from 2008 onwards, when the project "Improvement of quality and use of reproductive health services" was implemented in the district, the situation has been gradually overcome.
Shut up.
From the beginning of February 2019, the prevention and control of Covid-19 disease has been given special attention and direction by leaders of the District Party Committee and the District People's Committee.
Other contents of the Decision No. 123/2006/QD-UBND of the provincial People's Committee not amended and supplemented in this Decision are still effective in the province.
To direct People's Committees of communes, wards and townships to proactively and intensively implement this Circular in each village, hamlet and street quarter.
In order to make population and family planning work more effective, commune population committees have taken specific measures such as: continuing to consolidate, build, consolidate and stabilize the organizational system and network of population collaborators in communes; properly advising and promptly proposing to the authorities on intensifying the propagation of appropriate policies and solutions; striving to annually reduce the birth rate, reduce the rate of third childbirth and increase the rate of couples applying modern contraceptive measures.
Twenty pills. How much?
The People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and towns, the provincial services, departments and branches shall, according to their respective functions, take initiative in applying measures to ensure safety for dykes, especially in important and key dyke positions.
Decision on announcement of list of alternative administrative procedures in forestry sector under management of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province
Yôl's Garden 
Policy credit capital has contributed significantly to the implementation of programs such as the national target program on building a new countryside, pupils and students and sustainable poverty reduction.
I think there's someone nice to help me.
For direct sowing: After harvesting rice, plow the soil over to create a bed about 1.2 m wide, a trench 30-40 cm wide, 20-25 cm deep. 
Amendments to Clause 3 Article 8 on policies on support for linkage in production and consumption of agricultural products in Binh Dinh province during 2019- 2025 enclosed with Decision No. 38/2019/QD-UBND dated July 19,2019 of People's Committee of Binh Dinh province
District People's Committee has also put forward a number of specific solutions such as: Reviewing and assessing the current situation and causes of poverty of poor households to take measures to support and remove; Strengthening the propagation and dissemination of the Party's and the State's guidelines, policies and laws on employment; Priority support for poor households with meritorious people through the State's poverty reduction program.
Yes, yesterday.
orientation
Preventive and veterinary hygiene solutions: 
My sister is now a village school teacher.
Rear view
" Haven't you seen the farmhouse? It's a little house near the farm, and when the rice is ripe, we'll be there to tend it. "
lips,
install (door) 
a funny,
To support the establishment of safe vegetable production zones (for 2 indicators: residues of plant protection drugs and nitrate content).
disaster,
(See Appendix 3;4: Investment capital demand and investment phasing)
Wearing a lot of clothes, warm blankets, but I still sound cold.
There's concrete roads, there's cultural houses, there's places for kids to play.
shallow
On issues related to children in the locality. The Children's Council is one of the important channels representing the voices of children throughout the province.
On the morning of October 1, at the Children's Activities Center, Vinh Thanh District People's Committee held the Opening Ceremony of the Lifelong Learning Week 2019 with the theme "Lifelong learning - Smart learning to become good citizens, build happy families, civilized society".
The provincial budget shall support 100% of expenses for purchasing super-pure rice varieties for production of pure rice varieties.
As a result, the percentage of people receiving medical examination and treatment at the commune level is increasing.
What's up?
Record the minutes of the Council's meeting and complete the application for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages after the meeting ends. 
Spray Chloramin B chemicals to disinfect the entire school area and classrooms before students enter the school on 2/3/2020
The provincial People's Committees shall compel the investors of such projects to reimburse the preferential expenses.
east 
In the first nine months of the year, the District Farmers' Association in cooperation with the Provincial Horticultural Association organized two training courses on dissemination of knowledge and production experiences on responding to climate change in Vinh Thinh commune and a propaganda class on VCA economic development in the district, with 120 farmers' members attending;
Depending on the growth time of each variety of tapioca, it is necessary to determine a reasonable harvest time to ensure high productivity and starch content.
The fields of education, culture, health care of the people have also been strongly implemented in the highland communes of this mountainous district.
Thereby, more and more good production and business households have appeared, while reducing the rate of poor households.
In the summer, Yôl tended the buffalo and bathed there.
Polyurethane tree
The material and spiritual life of the people in the district continues to be improved.
The Education and Training branch shall create conditions for children to participate in the Council so that they can well participate in the Council's activities.
And rural daily-life water shall comply with the regulations of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (if any); and assignment and decentralization as follows:
Central People's Committee
wide width
At the proposal of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province and approved by Central Group Vietnam and the Livelihoods for the Community Program, on 21 and 22.11.2019 
Article 1. Promulgated together with this Resolution is the Regulation on support policies for development of trade villages and rural trades in Binh Dinh province during 2019 - 2025.
Returning to his hometown after the liberation with an infirmity rate of 61%, Nguyen Van Truong in Vinh Truong village, Vinh Thinh commune, Vinh Thanh district was contributed by villagers, helping him build a small house to cover the rain and sunshine.
hide
In Vinh An commune, Tay Son district will sell to serve people at the Center store of Vinh An commune, Tay Son district, will serve regularly, continuously before, during and after Tet
To implement policies to encourage and support fishermen under Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg uniformly in the whole province and in line with the actual situation of fisheries in the locality.
Location: by the proactive unit. 
At the end of the rainy season, it is recommended to clean up the grass and immediately burn or plow fireproof to limit garden fires in the dry season. In closed canopy business cashew gardens, weeding 1 year 2-3 times at the beginning, middle and end of the rainy season. 
flattened
Mr. Trinh Hoang Nha, Deputy Chief of Office, Department of Education and Training.
He was angry, trying to get rid of the monkeys to protect the cassava.
Demand for recruitment
dirty,
Cinnamon tree
Provincial Party Committee, Provincial People's Committee has directed and oriented the Youth Union, Provincial Team Council,
The grasp and enforcement of law of the people is still limited.
UBMTTQVN
At the same time, using local budgets, socializing funding sources, mobilizing parents to provide material support in order to strengthen physical foundations and teaching equipment at semi-boarding schools in the district.
In order to bring about effective vocational training, vocational training information and propaganda work is carried out in a synchronous, extensive and diverse manner in diversified and attractive forms in Vinh Thanh district.
Currently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune is managing 380 million VND of the People's Fund, 12.3 billion VND of loans from the Socialist Bank of the district, thereby helping farmer members have investment capital to expand production and business to increase income.
metric km
If you are sick, you must go to the infirmary for treatment immediately.
Due to the impact of Storm No. 5, in Vinh Thanh district in the evening of October 30, there was heavy rain and heavy winds,
fertilizer (rice) 
Central budget capital: VND 22, 181, 421, 000 (0.36% )
Effectiveness of the model of expenditures and professional associations in Vinh Thanh district
Sick Mom
To step up the implementation of the national target program on building a new countryside
The Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district with the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized cities", the district Fatherland Front Association deployed the campaign "Build a clean five-star and three-star family", the Youth Union with the movement "Together with the youth in establishing themselves and making a career", "Volunteer for community life", the district Farmers Association with the movement of farmers working together to build a new countryside, farmers emulation of good production and business.
Vinh Thanh District Party Committee promulgates a plan to propagate the Party Congress at all levels for the term 2020 – 2025
At the same time, prepare forces and propose preventive tools and supplies to combat the epidemic; be ready to respond promptly when the epidemic occurs.
Well, then...
sucking,
Daddy Yao is sick
elephant
shaded trees 
The competition was attended by 9 teams from communes and towns in the district.
Fertilize 10 cm from the root with 140-150 kg of urea nitrogen + 60-65 kg of potassium chloride, combined with watering.
With the support of the Party, the State and the people's efforts, more and more ethnic minority households have appeared, which is a typical example in local emulation movements, actively contributing to the local socio-economic development.
The voters of Vinh Thanh township shall propose the province's policy to permit the exploitation and thinning of protection forests outside the forestry land planning in order to recover capital for the State.
Will you be home by noon?
Busy
Pursuant to the Decision No. 4649/QD-UBND dated December 13,2019 of the People's Committee of the province on approval for the plan for arrangement of interdisciplinary cooperation organizations affiliated to the People's Committee of the province;
To combine the conservation and development of furnaces with other conservation-related projects and schemes of the province.
On this occasion, Vinh Kim Commune People's Committee awarded certificates of merit to 02 excellent cultured households for 03 consecutive years and signed emulation covenants, launching emulation movements in 2020.
No deforestation, no hunting in the forest, no fire burning in the forest and prevent bad guys from deforestation.
Trying to...
Since then, it has contributed significantly to changing and raising people's awareness, people's life has been gradually improved, especially in ethnic minority areas.
Particularly Hoai An district shall pay 50% in the first phase in 2016 and Quy Nhon city shall pay 100% of the funding for buying vaccines in 2 phases/year.
Part I: General knowledge 60 questions about law on public employees;
45 years after the liberation of Binh Dinh province, the people's life has changed greatly, including a drastic change in the life of people in rural and mountainous areas.
The Life
The appointment, relief from duty, transfer and dismissal of heads and deputy heads of professional organizations of the Management Board,
- To verify and arrange cars for former Party Secretary, Deputy Party Secretary and former member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee in different periods to attend the opening and closing ceremonies of the festival.
Is Lan coming over today, Mom?
War invalids, sick soldiers (must have war invalids, sick soldiers card) 
You will give 360 gifts to poor households and policy beneficiary families in Vinh Hoa commune, each gift valued at VND 800,000.
It is expected to have 3 volumes of 500 pages each, the number of 300 books / volume, completed in 2015.
To encourage agencies, collectives, mass organizations and individuals that have recorded practical achievements in hunger elimination and poverty alleviation under the Government's and the province's programs and objectives.
Round 2: Writing exam on specialized professional subjects
In addition, the commune has coordinated with the Vocational Education Center of Vinh Thanh district, Labor and Social Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh district to open 2 vocational training classes to grow acacia trees, eucalyptus as paper materials with more than 70 participants..
Attending were Mr. Dinh Drin - Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao - Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, leaders of departments and unions and especially the presence of 85 members who are representatives of Uncle Ho's good children representing more than 4,000 children's team members in the district.
goiter,
Organized with a monumental scale, national identity, absolute safety 
According to the plan, by the end of March, Vinh Thanh district will complete the vaccination for poultry in the district.
To ensure clean and well-ventilated schools and classrooms; before entering schools and classrooms, to have their body temperatures measured and wear face masks when they are present at schools and classrooms; to arrange clean water sources, water-based hand soap and quick hand sanitizers for use by school officials, teachers and students.
" I'll plow the fields for you, " he said. " If you need any help, you'll have to call me over. "
Tuition fees of public schools
Yes, I am.
On this occasion, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district awarded Certificates of Merit to 9 collectives and 12 individuals with outstanding achievements in the recruitment and call-up of citizens for enlistment and citizens to perform the People's Public Security obligations in 2020
wise
To develop tourist infrastructure, concentrating on developing coastal resorts along Quy Nhon - Nhon Hoi - Cat Tien route in Phuong Mai - Ba mountain and Quy Nhon - Song Cau; to invest in a new high - class tourist resort in Vung Chua mountain.
The mission of the Interdisciplinary Checkpoint is to control, carry out body temperature measurement, medical declaration, travel history,
And promote the value of historical - cultural relics and scenic spots in accordance with the law.
Rural production, business and craft establishments shall be entitled to payment and settlement according to the actual number of trainees to be handed down the profession.
Charcoal
According to the seasonal calendar, the autumn rice crop will be sown from the 1st to the 10th.
Mr. Doan Muoi, Deputy Director of Provincial Fire Department;
As a Mountainous Women's Union, the life of sisters is still difficult.
harvesting (rice) 
Layers
Don't go out!
(road) turn 
Why is it that,
BCHs
Thus making an important contribution to successfully implementing the annual socio-economic development tasks in the locality.
Ten grand.
The province's marine economy will be restructured toward modernization and development of marine urban centers in association with protection of sovereignty over sea and islands.
Funding from government bonds (for construction): VND 72,000 million.
The presidents of the People's Committees of communes, wards and townships and concerned organizations and individuals shall have to implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
Thereby, gradually improving the quality of life of the people, at the same time contributing to the successful implementation of the socio-economic development goals of the locality.
watermelons 
The commune People's Committee has directed the dredging of canals and ditches, conducting soil preparation, ensuring irrigation, economical and scientific use of irrigation water and timely supply of rice varieties to farmers.
Up to now, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district has implemented 84 models such as large-scale field model, safe vegetable garden model, model without giving birth to a third child, model without children dropping out of school, model without illegal forest development, model of hanging Uncle's picture in residential areas.
It's not hard.
belt belt
(wind) blowing 
Directing natural disaster prevention and control in industrial parks
To assign provincial People's Committees to organize the implementation of this Resolution.
To concentrate on propagating the results and contents of resolutions of the XVIIIth Party Congress of the district, reflecting the feelings of cadres, Party members and people in the district and Vinh Thanh people outside the district about the results of the Party Congresses of all levels in the district.
The congress of the grassroots branch shall not exceed 1 day and the congress of the grassroots party committee shall not exceed 2 days, starting from April 2020 and completing before June 30, 2020.
Support the foot-and-mouth disease vaccine to vaccinate the cows. 
Investment mechanisms and policies
On Binh Dinh Province's website (www.binhdinh.gov.vn)..
This is a high oil content variety suitable for the oil press industry. The amount of seeds needed for 1 hectare: 4 - 5 kg (sown in rows). 
Speaking Languages
Sometimes he went with him to trap animals. He was very good at it. Once he trapped a boar the size of a calf. He said, " In the old days there were more animals, and it was easier for birds to trap them. Now it's harder to trap them because the birds are gone. "
Ductile
Fertilize: Powdered lime sprinkled evenly when ploughing. Manure, superphosphate and 1/2 amount of urea mix well and fertilize according to the sowing trench, fill a thin layer of soil before sowing seeds.
Difficulties that arise during the implementation of this Circular should be reported to the People's Committee of the province (via the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism) for consideration./.
In the implementation of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside, the communes have stepped up the propagation and mobilization of people to work together to build a new countryside.
Having the opportunity to interact with many students due to her role as Deputy Secretary of the School Union, Ms. Ha always learns, shares and encourages them in learning as well as in daily activities.
River gates
losses 
My son,
Policies on funding support for implementation of the School Milk Program in preschool institutions in Binh Dinh province from 2018 to 2020
deflection
The village was burned down, the people went into the forest to burn down the slope, and set up a new village.
It's the Kôn River.
GFs
In recent years, the War Veterans Association of Vinh Thanh district has focused on promoting the emulation movement: War veterans set bright examples, actively propagated and mobilized the masses.
dear,
Besides, the study and grasp of ethnic minority people's customs and practices to propagate, disseminate and educate the law on forest protection and development are still limited; subjects of forest destruction are more and more sophisticated, deforestation in the form of "cheetah", carried out at night, using hand-held saws to cut down forest trees, while the forest patrol and inspection by local forest rangers and forest owners are insufficiently regular, thus failing to detect and promptly prevent violations.
The list of eligible candidates shall be approved by the provincial People's Committee at least 03 days before the exam date (according to the recruitment council's notice).
Expensive
With a land area of 6,071.3 km2, the population as of 2018 was 1,534,767 people, of which urban 475,481 people accounted for 30.98%, rural 1,059.286 people accounted for 69.02% mainly engaged in agriculture.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
On the morning of February 19, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee organized a conference on “Learning and Following the Thoughts, Ethics and Ho Chi Minh Style in 2020" for key leaders of the district and Party Committees of communes and townships in the district.
In order to contribute to building a stronger and stronger Women's Union, creating more conditions for women to develop in all aspects, build prosperous, equal, progressive and happy families, the Women's Union at all levels has always paid attention, especially to activities in support of economic development and health care, increasingly promoting its effectiveness.
Duck
Improving the capacity of food quality and safety management of agricultural, forestry and fishery products and sampling for local staff.
Besides, the study and grasp of ethnic minority people's customs and practices to propagate, disseminate and educate the law on forest protection and development are still limited; subjects of forest destruction are more and more sophisticated, deforestation in the form of "cheetah", carried out at night, using hand-held saws to cut down forest trees, while the forest patrol and inspection by local forest rangers and forest owners are insufficiently regular, thus failing to detect and promptly prevent violations.
Take three pills three times a day, two pills at a time, before meals. Take all the pills, if it does not go away, you go to the infirmary.
old man,
Have a computer level meeting the standards of basic information technology skills
To report on the Program implementation results when so requested by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
In addition, the district police has organized propaganda and education about traffic safety law in villages and hamlets in the district, with 950 participants.
Task: To invest in upgrading and modernizing plant and animal breed research and production establishments (institutes/schools/centers) at both central and local levels.
Initially, the district has identified areas likely to be severely affected by natural disasters,
Based on the academic year plan approved by competent authorities for the second semester of the 2019 - 2020 academic year (changes due to developments of the Covid 19 epidemic) 
plug (plug) 
Contents and scale of the project
The total forest area contracted for protection in the commune is 6, 910.96 ha, of which the forest area contracted under Resolution 30a is 5, 242.96 ha and the forest area contracted under the JICA2 project is 1, 668 ha.
It is known that the exploitation output in the first 9 months of the year is estimated at 35 tons, reaching 60% of the plan, of which the cultivation output is estimated at 20 tons, the fishing output is nearly 15 tons.
Fighting forest thieves is a difficult and arduous journey.
Currently, these reservoirs have been gradually repaired and upgraded to ensure safety.
Dinh Ghok, former Party Secretary of Vinh Kim Commune - one of the major contributors to the mobilization of people living in the Dinh Binh lakebed to move to Vinh Hoa.
The management and care of peach trees will be contracted by the provincial delegation with Song Kong Forestry Company Limited and Vinh Son Commune.
lemon,
Crescent
Farmers' Association of Vinh Thanh District handed over houses to poor farmer member Dinh Thi Nghien in village M9, Vinh Hoa Commune
hello crest 
There is no funding for investment and procurement; training equipment is largely self-made so it does not meet the minimum needs of teaching and learning martial arts.
Natural and socio-economic conditions
From the loans have created conditions for many farmers to invest in production development, improve income and stabilize life.
banging,
In order to implement the Prime Minister's Decision No. 1340/QD-TTg dated July 08,2016,
At the Conference, the delegates also focused on discussing, contributing opinions and solutions to better implement the recruitment and call-up of citizens for military service in the coming year.
As a result, the socio-economic situation of ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district has seen a marked change.
Mr. Dao Van Hung - Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Cracked bunches of grapes need to be removed from the bag to remove the cracked berries, and then wrapped again.
voices,
To attach importance to raising the quality of education and training, creating the best conditions for children to study, paying attention to and investing in health stations in order to provide healthcare and prevent diseases in the locality.
Having the opportunity to return to Vinh Son highland commune, Vinh Thanh district, we witnessed with our own eyes the joy of many people about the new open road.
Scale: 38.8 ha: 700.0002.000 VND 
(cat) scratching 
However, on July 5, 2019, the provincial People's Committee issued Document No. 3834 on land allocation and lease in the province, stating: "In the immediate future, the recovery of land for production forests and protection forests managed by communes and forestry land allocated to protection forest management boards and forestry companies has not yet been carried out.
In the district, there are Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the district Party Committee; Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Le Van Dau, Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Committee.
The sandy soil, loose, well-drained, sown to dredge drainage trenches, forming each width of 2.5-3m.
District-level People's Committees shall coordinate with commune forces and forest owners in stopping and patrolling forest products in circulation on district roads.
To be ready to organize dike maintenance plans and response plans in the event of storms, big floods and double floods under the motto "4 on the spot".
met,
Fertilizer for 1 pole (500m2): Compost 200-250 kg / pole or 25 kg of organic microorganisms, super phosphate 20- 25kg, Urea: 5kg, potassium chloride 5kg, lime: 20kg
The Operation Relic Management Board is subject to the direct and comprehensive management of the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
do ghost,
Difficulties that arise during the implementation of this Circular should be reported to the Director of Relic Management Board./.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr. Dinh A Zon, Head of Ethnic Affairs Committee of the district People's Council, highly appreciated the district's efforts in the implementation of forest protection and development contracts in Vinh Kim commune in the past time;
There was a large pillar in the middle of the empty house in the village.
wild animal
the people,
prevented,
Speaking on the conclusions of the conference, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, Mr. Bui Tan Thanh proposed that the agriculture sector and localities focus on monitoring weather developments and factors adversely affecting production to advise and propose the district People's Committee on direction and administration solutions; fully prepare means, machinery, supplies, fertilizers, plant protection drugs, plant varieties, livestock and aquatic products... to direct and organize production close to the actual situation.
For other plants and domestic animals, based on practical requirements, ministries and localities shall consider and decide on supports under this Program's policies in each specific period.
Mosquito bugs appear all year round but usually cause serious harm at the stage when the plants have young shoots and flowering. Mosquito bugs usually appear and suck plastic in the early morning before 9 am and after 4 pm. 
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts and heads of relevant departments shall implement this Decision from the day on which it is signed.
Thanks to that attention, the life of Vinh Thanh people, especially in ethnic minority areas has been renewed.
Regulations on tuition fee collection and management applicable to educational institutions
squirrel
In response to the call for all people to participate in Covid-19 prevention and control of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam,
has it been long,
This is one of the activities of practical significance in the preservation and promotion of national culture, contributing to the effective implementation of Resolution 33 (XIth Congress) of the Party on building and developing the culture and people of Vietnam to meet the requirements of sustainable development of the country.
To study and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh, the Youth Union of Vinh Kim commune has associated the continued promotion of learning and following the example of Uncle with the emulation movement of the Association for 6/6 grassroots branches.
To actively mobilize members and farmers to invest in the construction, management, protection and efficient use of clean water works; to clean up and sanitize public places, open sewers, collect and treat garbage in residential areas and public places; to use fertilizers and plant protection drugs in agricultural production in accordance with regulations such as the right use of drugs, the right dosage, at the right time and in the right way; to collect garbage, pesticide bottles and containers from agricultural production.
Pursuant to the December 3, 2004 Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents of People's Councils and People's Committees;
To coordinate with provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments in inspecting the observance of regulations on management of quality of agricultural supplies, rural daily-life water and agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety by production and business establishments in their localities;
I'm sending money.
jump down,
It is known that the subjects of rice support are families with unproductive rice land due to drought in the summer and autumn of 2019, with the support level of 15 kg of rice / household member / month..
Acquaintance
Participating in the class there are 56 elite people from the grassroots Party branches in the district.
tensile traction
When pruning, it is necessary to cut off dry, decaying branches, branches destroyed by pests, branches in the canopy and branches intertwined. 
forgot,
Recruitment Council reports to the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee 
To direct units in strictly performing the tasks of education and training, especially education for post-secondary students.
Cut off the non-standard branches. After finishing the pruning, tie hold the branches at the first steel wire floor, the top of the truss. 
In order to ensure order and security, the police of Vinh Thanh district will concentrate to the utmost forces to fulfill the objectives, including:
Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir has a water capacity of 226 million cubic meters
As a result, people's material and spiritual lives are improved, contributing to the effective implementation of hunger eradication and poverty alleviation in localities.
last,
oresol pills
banks,
At the same time, in order to celebrate the outstanding achievements that the children have achieved, the district team board also awarded certificates of good grandchildren to Uncle Ho and gifts to 85 outstanding, caring, good students.
Spread out 
In the coming time, the district Farmers' Union will continue to propagate and replicate many models in the movement to build a new countryside.
Quantity: 15 children. 
Each gift is worth 1 million VND.
In the coming time, Vinh Hao Commune Women's Union will continue to expand the model of "garbage pits at home", maintain regular cleaning periodically and at peak times, and promote propaganda and mobilization to find practical solutions to support women to well implement the "5 no, 3 clean" campaign.
Truss tree
He said,
Roof Covering
reply to
Notify the time and location of the exam
In order to successfully implement the Winter-Spring crop 2019-2020, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district requests communes and townships to focus on fast and compact harvesting of seasonal rice to accelerate the implementation of the Winter-Spring production plan, while properly implementing measures to prevent malaria and epidemics for cattle and poultry flocks.
Protective
share,
To direct the Council's secretary to prepare programs, contents and documents for the Council's meetings.
Roundness
To support and facilitate the organization of regular activities of the Council members in the locality.
Actively carrying out the work of information, education, propagation and promotion of activities and programs on "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day"
Voyeur
With extremely difficult communes such as Vinh Kim, to complete the remaining criteria of the national target program on building a new countryside is a process of
Provincial budget: 
The congress of the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh district discussed and agreed on the list of 23 youths to participate in the 8th Committee of the Youth Union, the term 2019 - 2024; Ms. Dinh Thi Thuan holds the position of President of the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh district.
The implementation model is a practical solution to reduce plastic waste, waste from plastic bags discharged into the living environment today.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Accordingly, the meeting will be conducted in 2 sessions 
The most dangerous and scary disease is late blight, which spreads quickly and is difficult to treat.
On the area of rice production for 2 crops, sowing shall be carried out from December 10 to December 20, 2019; for the foot of lowland fields, the water shall be drained to sow soil.
Purple Color
lately,
sad piss 
The district police has organized 12 propaganda drives with more than 1,264 participants; especially propaganda about the methods and tricks of activities of subjects committing fraud through social networks, theft of property, Decree No. 100 of the Government stipulating the sanctioning of administrative violations in the field of road and railway transport; legal education for 17 criminals, 07 suspected illegal drug users.
However, when there is prolonged heat, some concentrated clean water supply works are short of water, they must use specialized vehicles to carry clean water for people;
In addition, the natural forest area has been contracted in the commune of 7,198.9 ha (including 5,287.9 ha under Resolution 30a and 1,911 ha under the Jica2 project).
Annually, the Farmers' Association of Vinh Thuan commune shall take the initiative in elaborating a plan on environmental protection propagation suitable to local requirements and tasks, and concurrently assign officials to directly monitor and organize natural resource and environmental protection activities.
Time: June 2016 to August 2016.
Advising the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee to direct the implementation of the provisions of law on management of quality of agricultural materials, rural living water and food safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products in the province;
west,
precautionary
The doctor examined him and said,
The provincial/municipal Finance Services shall incorporate them into the local budget expenditure estimates and report them to the provincial/municipal People's Committees for submission to the Finance Ministry according to the provisions of the State Budget Law.
Especially, thanks to many priority policies for agricultural and rural development such as seedling and seedling support, low-interest loan policy, etc., it has created favorable conditions for farmers in the direction of economic development and gathered farmers with the same production objectives and the same concerns to set up professional associations.
The district health center has organized training for departments, branches, associations, unions and school health on disinfection measures.
Thousands of people in the district enthusiastically participate in voting to elect people who are sufficiently virtuous, talented, reputable to perform work in the community.
Foreign language proficiency level 1 as prescribed in Circular No. 01/2014/TT-BGDDT dated January 24,2014 of the Ministry of Education and Training.
Strengths in emulation in Vinh Thanh district are the development of forest gardens, hill gardens and cattle breeding.
Besides, the Center also actively performs disinfection spraying for breeding households and large farms.
To continue inspecting, supervising and providing additional training in order to determine that shrimp products reared in Dong Dien are safe and free of antibiotic residues and banned antibiotics.
The Department of Culture and Sports of the province has just planned to organize ethnic minority cultural exchanges and family affairs in 2019 at K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune with the following contents: Exchange and sharing experiences on building and developing ethnic minority culture, building a grassroots cultural life, building prosperous, progressive and happy families; Performing arts of folk remembrance and village associations.
On August 29, the Ethnic Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh District visited and supported 15 prestigious ethnic minority families facing natural disasters and prolonged drought in 2019 in Vinh Thanh, Vinh Kim and Vinh Son towns, with an amount of VND500,000/person in cash.
go around,
Time and location to build the cow market: In 2017, build 01 cow market in Nhon Loc commune, An Nhon town. Survey the location and build the second cow market in 2018.
latch (door) 
Department of Construction: 
Over the years, the Center for Vocational Education and Continuing Education of Vinh Thanh District has focused on vocational training for rural laborers. The Center has continuously strengthened its facilities and equipment, and promoted the training and retraining of vocational teachers and vocational training administrators.
In the immediate future, functional agencies shall coordinate with local administrations in organizing the inspection of activities of trading in cattle and poultry in communes and townships in order to handle violations and effectively prevent the spread of animal epidemics into districts.
tonight,
Cloudy
There are seven days in a week.
Local social issues related to children.
plants,
Public tuition fees comply with the Government's Decree No. 49/2010/ND-CP of May 14,2010, and current guiding circulars.
To request district inter-sectoral teams to coordinate with commune People's Committees in intensifying regular inspection of the contracted management and protection of forests, illegal exploitation and transportation of timber in communes.
want to do,
Quality control of construction works for investment projects on construction of students' dormitories:
The Agriculture and Rural Development Project Management Unit shall organize the implementation of: (i) 19 reservoirs; (ii) 3.4 km of sea dikes and embankments; (iii) 8.0 km of river dikes and embankments; (iv) 08 spillways; (v) 03 pumping stations; (vi) 25.40 km of canals and ditches with a total fund of VND 1,436.00 billion.
The Farmers' Union of the district has coordinated with the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district and the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune to organize the handover of a grade 4 brick and tile house for poor farmer Dinh Thi Nghien in village M9, Vinh Hoa commune.
Article 5. Personnel training
On this occasion, the Women's Committee, the Trade Union of the Office of the Provincial People's Committee gave 1 set of computers and 1 printer to the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa Commune, 1 set of speakers to M6 Village and 120 gifts to disadvantaged students, poor women and households with special difficulties, the total amount of gifts worth more than VND 30 million.
in bed
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously and promptly implemented the Government's programs and policies on ethnic minorities.
Flute
The leaders of the districts and local people attended, mobilizing recruits to enlist in the army.
These two are for grain and corn.
burned to the ground
Accordingly, by 2020, Vinh Thanh district has assigned 58 youths, achieving 100% of the target, including 50 youths performing the military service, 8 youths performing the People's Public Security service.
Provincial-level Information and Communications Departments shall consolidate and develop communication systems and promptly transmit direction and administration information of central agencies and provincial-level People's Committees to localities to serve natural disaster prevention and control activities.
Implementation time: All year, in accordance with Circular No. 03/2018/TT-BTP. 
And scenic spots in the province in accordance with the Law on Cultural Heritage and the current regulations of the State. 
In order to timely produce the first safe vegetable crop according to VIETGAP standards on an expanded area of 2 hectares of the newly established "mutual interests" group of Vinh Son commune, the district's technical team has focused on guiding farmers how to make soil, make beds, fertilize, build irrigation systems and protective fences with B40 mesh.
all over,
On the morning of October 31, Chairman of the district People's Committee Mr. Le Van Dau had an inspection of the damage caused by Typhoon No. 5 in Vinh Kim and Vinh Son communes.
Several waves of terrorist attacks were carried out, but no officials were revealed, no legitimate establishments were declared, and virtually no secret revolutionary camp in Vinh Thanh was discovered by the enemy.
Have foreign language proficiency level 1 as prescribed in Circular No. 01/2014/TT-BGDDT dated January 24,2014 of the Ministry of Education and Training;
Next year, I'll go to school in the lower district.
Over the years, K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune has always focused on promoting the fine cultural traditions of Bana Kriem ethnic group in the process of campaigning to build a cultured village and cultured families.
In 2019, Vinh Hao commune has well implemented the work of hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, so that people's awareness is raised.
Time for implementation of the Scheme 
On the occasion of the Vietnam National Day of Ethnic Culture,
column
The people believe in the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws; actively participate in building the Party and the administration, especially the movement to build a new countryside, which is effectively implemented, contributing to changing the appearance of rural areas in the area, importantly contributing to raising the awareness of the entire society about the role of culture in development.
Domestic and international martial arts troupes perform selected martial arts during the festival.
New Year's
The provincial/municipal Construction Services shall review, sum up and submit to the provincial/municipal People's Committees for adjustment and supplementation of land use plannings and plans;
Thereby, the material and spiritual life of ethnic minority people is shown to be increasingly stable.
Adding a number of fees in Binh Dinh province enclosed with the Decision No. 24/2013/QD-UBND dated August 05,2013 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province
empty house
Rural production, business and craft establishments when being relocated from residential areas
Up to now, Vinh Thuan commune has completed 10/19 criteria according to the national set of criteria for building a new countryside.
At the launching ceremony, the Model Steering Committee approved the plan and operation regulation, signed the implementation of environmental protection.
Current status of rural domestic water: 
In recent years, in order to create a driving force for sustainable poverty reduction, especially in ethnic minority areas, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously implemented many solutions in poverty reduction, such as housing and residential land support, production development, preferential credit loans, vocational training for rural laborers, health insurance cards, etc., to help poor households stabilize their lives.
During 3 months, 35 participants who are members of Farmers' Association and Youth Union of Vinh Hiep commune were disseminated knowledge about the process of raising industrial chickens, breeding chickens, free-range chickens and incubating chicken eggs; disease symptoms, methods of diagnosis and treatment for chickens.
At the Conference, investigators thoroughly grasped the criteria, subjects, methods and procedures for reviewing poor households and near-poor households in 2019; guided the process of reviewing poor households and near-poor households, guided the method of approaching multidimensional poverty measurement on the prescribed forms; The training conference helped investigators better understand the regulations and procedures for conducting surveys.
It can be said that the "garbage pit at home" model not only contributes importantly to improving the environment, fulfilling environmental criteria in building a new countryside, but also actively contributes to raising awareness for people, gradually making environmental sanitation a responsibility of the whole community, building a green - clean - beautiful rural environment.
To carry out communication and education activities on the Party's line and the State's policies and laws on gender equality.
Yeah, except on rainy days.
How much does a bundle of firewood cost?
In case the investor leases out the student housing against the law,
Determining that population and family planning work is one of the solutions to improve the quality of life of people
I'm trying to do my best.
Preservation of traditional values of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts, not to be lost.
accumulation 
And effective from August 1, 2018. 
The leaders of the districts and local people attended, mobilizing recruits to enlist in the army.
tease
tiny baby
the patient,
In the past 5 years, Vinh Son War Veterans Association has always united, promoted the tradition of "Old Ho Army", modeled participation in many activities in the locality such as: encouraging and helping each other in difficulties and tribulations, helping each other to develop economy, participating in activities to maintain security and order in the locality.
The policy of contracting forests to people and communities for management and protection and contracting forest regeneration in localities has brought about many benefits, contributing to enhancing the linkage between people and forest owners and functional sectors in the protection and sustainable development of forests.
From the beginning of the year, the Standing Board of the District Farmers' Association directed the grassroots association to organize for its members to register good production and business households at all levels, with 549 farmer households registered to participate, achieving 109% of the plan.
On the approval of the framework program on "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" activities in Binh Dinh
The results achieved in the " exemplary CB" movement over the past time have contributed significantly to the Party Committee and local authorities in socio-economic development, maintaining political security and social order and safety.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 55/2015/QD-UBND dated December 25,2015 of the People's Committee of the province 
Mr. Dinh Van Lam - People of village K2, Vinh Son commune, Vinh Thanh district expressed his joy like this 
The Government's Decree No. 92/2017/ND-CP dated August 07,2017;
fence panels
The following article reports on the results from the cage fish farming movement on Dinh Binh Lake.
Invest in working tanks (3 - 3.7 liters, made in Europe).
Mr. Nguyen Xuan Trang, Deputy Director, Office of the Department of Education and Training
- Within 10 days from the day on which the list is sent by the district-level Department of Fisheries Resources Exploitation and Protection.
They used to come home on Sundays.
splash (water) 
Regulations
get married
Over the past time, Kon Tru village officials and people have united to well implement the contents of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", the campaign "Day for the poor", "Thank you for meaning", "Drinking water remembers the source"...
books,
On the basis of the number allocated to districts, district health centers have also distributed them to commune and township health stations for malaria diagnosis, detection and prevention and control for people.
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development, Health, Industry and Trade, Finance, Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts and heads of relevant departments shall implement this Decision from the day on which it is signed./.
In the past five years, Vinh Thuan commune has invested in the construction of 27 essential works for production and people's life with a total construction cost of over VND 12.9 billion.
bow bow
daddy,
At the places of visit, the leaders of the districts graciously inquired about the health and life situation of policy families, and wished the families to continue promoting the revolutionary traditions, set a good example in the implementation of the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and patriotic emulation movements in the localities, actively participate in labor and production, contributing to building the countryside more and more prosperous.
Mr. Nguyen Huu Hao, Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Organizing a conference to review 10 years of implementation of the Law on Gender Equality
Over the years, together with Party committees and mass organizations, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hao commune has made significant contributions to the local hunger eradication and poverty alleviation work.
In Kon Đruch village, Yôl's grandfather was the oldest.
To upgrade and expand provincial roads linking with coastal areas.
Annually, the Farmers' Association of Vinh Thuan commune shall take the initiative in elaborating a plan on environmental protection propagation suitable to local requirements and tasks, and concurrently assign officials to directly monitor and organize natural resource and environmental protection activities.
Pursuant to the Law on Public Investment and the National Assembly Standing Committee's Resolution on principles, criteria and norms for allocation of state budget - sourced public investment capital for the 2021 - 2025 period and other relevant regulations.
In Directive No. 32-CT/TW, Conclusion No. 04-KL/TW, the new Directive replaces Directive No. 32-CT/TW.
In the past three years, the district Peasants' Association has attached importance to the implementation of Scheme No. 24 of the Association's Central Committee and the Plan of the provincial Peasants' Association on the building of professional branches and associations, aiming to support their members in developing household economy, thereby rallying and unifying their members and building a stronger and stronger peasants' class.
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 99/TTr-SNN dated March 20,2018,
On this occasion, 1 collective was awarded the Certificate of Merit by the Central Committee of the Vietnam Women's Union; 3 collectives and 5 individuals were awarded by the Provincial Women's Union; 10 collectives and 16 individuals were awarded certificates of merit by the District Women's Union for outstanding achievements in implementing the emulation movement and tasks of the Union in 2019.
Provide training for farmers, meat collectors, slaughterers and meat sellers.
I would like to teach the Bana script to the people of my village.
Taking martial arts activities as a motivation to contribute to tourism development and vice versa, tourism will help martial arts activities become more and more diverse.
Grease
Finished cooking 
Regulations on IT skill standards. 
Especially at the venues of the activities of the Festival program and the residence of delegates and delegations. 
Investors of projects on dormitories for students shall organize the management, operation and maintenance of dormitories for students after investment.
Structure
Section 1. Sightseeing fees at Ham Ho tourist area, Tay Son district, Binh Dinh province in the amended Regulation
Very tall empty house.
moon
The irrigation system plays an important role in supplying water for production and people's life, contributing to economic development and socio-political stability.
To concentrate on cultural activities at the grassroots level, typical village patriarchs, artisans, intellectuals, individuals and collectives.
Industry and Trade, Education and Training, Health and relevant departments, sectors and unions
Myself,
This Regulation provides for supportive policies on development of trade villages and rural trades in Binh Dinh province during 2019 - 2025.
Other real estate projects shall not be allowed to be executed for 02 years from the day on which the project is revoked or the business registration is revoked.
schoolgirl
Mid-Autumn
Wooden planter house made of bamboo material, straw, simple, clean, avoiding rain, sunshine, high wind and drainage.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Industry and Trade in the Report No. 69/TTr-SCT dated October 20,2018,
Article 8. Funds for policy implementation
Annually, when making budget estimates, based on the number of fishing vessels registering to provide fishing services in remote sea areas,
star (tea) 
Scheme 24 was born to create conditions for farmers to link together to create strength in production and business under the guidelines of the Party and the State, striving for each village to produce a product, create a link chain in production with a timely process, create a brand and value of products and goods created, meet the market economy in the direction of socialism, which the subjects in agricultural production are farmers.
Chicken flu is very dangerous very contagious. 
This is because from the beginning the Party Committee, the commune People's Committee has focused on implementing the targets in the national target program to build a new countryside.
To actively participate in and well fulfill a number of criteria under the national target program on building a new countryside; to well implement other programs and projects invested by the State in the locality of project implementers such as Program 134, Program 135 and other welfare programs.
With more than 51,886 hectares of forested land, including more than 46,685.9 hectares of natural forests, Vinh Thanh district in the past is a locality that has well implemented the policy of contracting forest management and protection with a contracted area of more than 25,931 hectares of forests for 07 collectives, 30 village communities and 2,084 households to protect, bringing practical efficiency..
Deploy the rehearsal of the opening and closing ceremonies in the festival. 
Talking intimately with the people of Vinh Hoa commune, Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung recalled that 15 years ago, people moved to settle in Vinh Hoa commune to serve the construction of Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir, helping people in the downstream area have conditions for farming and breeding..
The Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune shall be selected by the Provincial Party Committee as the venue for the grassroots-level Party congress for the 2020- 2025 tenure.
To step up the application of information technology to GPP work in association with effectively implementing the Scheme on enhancement of application of information technology to GPP work in the 2019 - 2021 period.
Form of recruitment: Examination
To propagate and disseminate knowledge, experience and typical examples in natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue.
Subjects, scope and duration of scheme implementation
On October 22, experts from the New Zealand Institute for Crop and Food Research cooperated with the Binh Dinh Safe Vegetables Coordination Office to organize a training session for leaders of "like-minded" groups and farmers producing safe vegetables of Vinh Son Commune.
In my spare time, I'd pick up wood.
To prevent this situation, the district People's Committee has recently issued a document requesting the relevant sectors, especially the district Health Department and Vinh Thanh District Health Center, to strengthen propaganda and guide people how to identify poisonous mushrooms and absolutely not to use wild mushrooms.
Protective
lustful
Speaking at the Congress, Mr. Dinh Drin - Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee praised and noted the achievements that the children have achieved in the past time and wished them to promote their achievements, good academic emulation, positive in labor "Small age working small".
Performing professional work and coordinating the organization of the second International Vo Viet elite in 2019 in the festival program.
In order to early stabilize the teaching and learning situation and ensure the completion of the program and time plan for the 2019 - 2020 school year under the direction of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee in Directive No. 09 dated 22.4.2020 on ensuring safety for students in the province when returning to school after the temporary leave for Covid-19 prevention and control.
Accordingly, in order to proactively cope with complicated weather developments and improve the effectiveness of natural disaster and flood prevention and control, absolutely protect the safety of Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir and downstream areas in 2019,
Approving the Program for promoting children's right to participate in issues related to children in the period of 2016 - 2020;
At the training, farmers were trained by Dr. Sravani - expert in food safety and Dr. Fran - expert in post-harvest technology to communicate food safety requirements while harvesting and post-harvesting vegetables.
hawk hawk
In addition, in 2019, Elderly Associations at all levels in the district celebrated the longevity of 1,450 people, including 1,230 people aged 60 to 80 and 220 people aged 80 or older.
In addition to the propagation and mobilization work, the district War Veterans Association has in the past focused on promoting emulation and emulation for economic development, helping each other eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty among its members and the people.
Finish the 2nd and 3rd time: mix the chemical fertilizers evenly spread in the canopy, with 4-5cm deep island buried soil cover, moisturizing straw cabinet. 
The remaining funds shall be balanced by localities themselves from other lawfully mobilized capital sources for the complete construction of works on the basis of work cost estimates elaborated under the guidance of concerned provincial / municipal Services and branches.
Time: Meeting twice a year, before the Children's Council's meeting.
Tortoise
The Association has coordinated with the district propaganda board to hold news talks for 5 sessions, with 200 members, 350 unionists, youth and 600 people participating.
100% of recruits, family members and delegates have their body temperature measured and disinfected before entering the military delivery area.
The contents of the Party's activities have been gradually renewed, the quality of Party members and the quality of Party cells' activities have been raised, the leadership positions and roles of Party committees and grassroots Party organizations have been more and more affirmed, and the people's confidence in the Party has been more and more closely attached.
stepmom,
old woman,
Recently, Vinh Thanh District People's Committee has always determined that the promotion of information technology application and implementation of electronic one-stop-shop software have important significance in administrative reform as well as management and administration activities of leaders of agencies and localities.
By 2020, Vietnam Bank for Social Policies will strive to increase its outstanding debts to 100%; prevent overdue debts from arising; mobilize savings deposits through savings groups and borrow capital to 100%; and promptly handle 100% of due debts.
Building 01 dormitory for students of Binh Dinh College, Quang Trung University and other schools
In particular, focus on some objectives and targets such as: The average economic growth rate increased by 14.9%; strive to raise the average per capita income to 20 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households annually reduced from 6 to 7%; the rate of rural laborers trained over 40%; budget revenues increased by 8% or more; annually, 20% of Party members achieved clean and strong or more, no weak members; the rate of admission of Party members annually reached 5-6% of the total number of Party members.
Sticking with the Association and the Peasant Movement for nearly 10 years, she constantly innovates the content and mode of operation to enhance the role of the association, which is trusted and loved by many officials and members of farmers.
At the same time, to improve the advisory work for Party Committees and administrations in the training of defense knowledge for local subjects, making important contributions to well performing the task of building all-people defense.
Modern coastal urban areas associated with tourism and marine services development
the wing,
The People's Committees of districts, provincial towns and cities shall intensify the propagation and dissemination of the law on dikes to communities, especially organizations, enterprises and households along dikes.
The provincial police shall direct and implement measures to prevent and handle acts of violence against women and girls and gender-based violence.
Fully loaded
Total investment: VND 6,254,740,778,000
To be ready with forces, means and equipment to participate in natural disaster prevention and mitigation activities upon request.
After 15-20 days the young cuttings will take root and grow normally.
boarding school
To direct the implementation, allocation of resources and management of projects under the Program in their localities according to regulations.
Pursuant to the Joint Circular No. 14/2015/TTLT-BNNPTNT-BNV dated March 25,2015 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Minister of Home Affairs;
lustful
lumpy
Grinding Tuber
sucking,
bullying mom
Actively mobilize children and grandchildren to study, work and strive to rise in life, contributing to building a more prosperous and civilized homeland.
They are non - business units attached to provincial - level Culture, Sports and Tourism Departments, have the legal person status, their own seals and accounts.
For other households: 50% of the price of shallow plant varieties shall be supported.
Straight stems, well-matched graft; seedlings are not infected with pests, deformities; soil gourd size 15 x 33cm or 15 x 25cm; trained in full sun from 10-15 days.
Thanks to the loan, equipped with knowledge, farmers of Vinh Hoa commune have boldly explored and learned new ways of doing business; actively work, produce, boldly put many high-yield and high-quality plant varieties and animals into breeding, cultivation, promoting the restructuring of plants and animals to improve productivity and quality.
In the face of increasing dengue fever and complicated developments, the District Health Center has sent a written request to district associations, communes, townships and grassroots health stations to strengthen dengue prevention and control in the district.
Soil: Cashew grows on many different types of soil. However, cashew only grows and yields high in areas with deep soil layers, light mechanized components, good drainage. The plant grows well on sandy clay soil without soil layer, with groundwater level at a depth of 3-6m.
Especially, citizens and organizations can monitor the progress of handling of their administrative procedures, whether they are overdue or on time, and which organizations and individuals are responsible therefor.
After the children give their opinions, members of the Advisory Board shall give answers and acknowledge the children's proposals.
private gallery
For they often burned the trees, and waited for them to dry, and burned them. The fire from the trees spread to the forest. The more they burned, the more the forest burned.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 63/2010/ND-CP dated June 08,2010 on controlling administrative procedures;
So the number of practitioners spiked in the summer, decreasing the number - particularly no practitioners at some martial arts studios - of the remaining months.
owes
To formulate action programs for implementation in association with plans on implementation of directives and resolutions of the Party and emulation movements of branches, localities, agencies and units.
To estimate annual operation funds of the Council.
house walls 
Assessing the advantages, forecasting the potential development of crops, livestock and specialty products
The situation of security and order in the village is always maintained, 100% of households achieved the title of cultured family.
Earphone
Pursuant to the documents promulgating and approving specific programs, schemes and plans.
Get up there.
Mission: In the shortest possible time, the focus should be on preserving martial arts studios that are run by senior masters and have no heirs, leading to the risk of loss.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 65/2009/QD-TTg dated April 24,2009;
Plan to implement the action program No. 22-CTr/TU dated July 29, 2019 of the Provincial Party Committee to implement the Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW dated October 22, 2018 of the Party Central Committee (the XIIth Congress) on the strategy for sustainable development of Vietnam's marine economy through 2030, with a vision toward 2045 
A young man asked,
Supporting and developing special medical activities at the grassroots level
To sum up and make a list of eligible candidates and submit it to the chairperson of the provincial-level People's Committee for approval and publicly post it up at the provincial-level Home Affairs Department under regulations.
Then Mr. Đít called the victim's family to take them to the emergency hospital.
Can you eat chicken now, Dad?
Commune-level People's Committees shall review and give feedbacks on the list of commercial fishing vessels applying for assistance in writing to People's Committees of districts, Quy Nhon City People's Committee and Sub-department of Fisheries Resources Exploitation and Protection.
To direct district-level project management units in speeding up the construction of dike works and putting them into use in 2020;
cuckold chick
at that time,
In the morning they went to work, and in the evening the family stayed by the fire.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 38/2005/QD-UBND dated July 06,2005 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on economic and technical norms for afforestation, zoning off and regeneration of forests;
touching
Sub-districts 155, 169, 184A - Vinh Hao commune - Vinh Thanh district.
Over the past time, the propagation of crime prevention and fighting, ensuring order and security in 9/9 communes and townships in Vinh Thanh district has always been promoted in various forms.
Winter-Spring 2019-2020, Vinh Hiep commune plans to sow 139.5 hectares of rice and 105 hectares of shallow crops. 
Contributing to promoting hunger eradication and poverty reduction in localities
Child Council Concepts
Supervision and warning of food safety (pesticide residues and nitrate) in areas supporting safe vegetable production (7 areas), in nearby large-scale vegetable production areas (7 areas), in markets.
And Circular No. 11/2011 / TTLT-BNN-BQP-BTC dated March 14, 2011 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, the Ministry of Defense, the Ministry of Finance guiding the implementation of Decision 48/2010 / QD-TTg.
Have a foreign language certificate at level 1 (or equivalent) of Vietnamese language proficiency framework as prescribed in Circular No. 01/2014/TT-BGDDT dated January 24,2014 of the Ministry of Education and Training.
Flooding water
In order to coordinate with the Emulation and Commendation Councils of districts and cities in examining, evaluating and proposing the People's Committees of districts and cities to :
- Aquatic land;
It is known that the district health center will deploy the campaign in November and December 2019 with 9 injection points at 9 health stations, with the number of children in 9 communes and towns is 758.
big teens
From the devastation and ruin after the war, following the words of the Party, Uncle, Bana people in Vinh Thanh unite efforts to build a homeland.
The whole district of Vinh Thanh has more than 152,000 cattle and poultry of all kinds, of which the poultry herd alone has more than 116,000 head.
Subjects and conditions for renting dormitories for students (under the Construction Ministry's Circular No. 13/2009/TT-BXD of June 30,2009):
In the past five years, the Party and the State have invested more than VND 494 billion in implementing programs, policies and projects for ethnic minority and mountainous areas in Vinh Thanh district.
On the morning of July 28, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a launching ceremony for all people to practice swimming and drowning prevention in 2019
put in,
With more than 5 poles of her parents' land for when she was newly married, Luan embarked on growing glue but due to the long mining cycle, the first years of living separately, she and her husband faced many difficulties.
Ms. Le Thi Dien, Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training.
To manage and protect 116.28 hectares of planted forests invested by the State (including 29 hectares of Tra Xom hydropower plant, 31.8 hectares of Kenlut Ha hydropower plant and 54.4 hectares of Jica2 forest).
Group Fire
Proactively advise the authorities to effectively solve all aspects of work as well as ensure security in the area.
squirrel
In 2018, the Prime Minister chaired a nationwide online conference to summarize 18 years of movement implementation
In addition, in the past tenure, Vinh Hiep also focused on capital construction investment,
Ethnic minority cultural exchange and family affairs program in 2019 aims to raise awareness for people of all strata to participate in building and developing ethnic minority culture;
Eligible for elementary school teacher titles (applicable to primary school team leaders);
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 1668/QD-TTg dated November 17,2008 on Vietnam National Day for Ethnic Culture;
At the same time, the Congress also elected a delegation of 11 comrades to attend the 18th Party Congress of Vinh Thanh district, the term 2020- 2025.
There were 237 near-poor households, accounting for 26.02%.
The membership movement "Capital contribution" to help each other eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty is well maintained.
As a result, when martial arts masters and coaches (most of whom are economically disadvantaged) are in difficulty, the studio is unable to maintain operations.
To develop tourist products based on characteristics and strengths of each location in Tan Thanh - Vinh Hoi, Eo Gio, Ky Co, Phuong Mai, Nui Ba, Nhon Hai, Hon Kho and Hai Minh.
In order to have more resources for the prevention and control of Covid-19, in the coming time, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district continues to call on agencies, units, enterprises and donors to continue supporting and joining hands with the locality in preventing and repelling the Covid-19 epidemic, protecting the health of people in the area.
Dinh Thi Hoay, a farmer in village 5, Vinh Thuan Commune, has been growing hybrid rice for more than 6 years.
After 15 years of resettlement on new land, the life of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thuan highland commune (Vinh Thanh district) has seen many innovations. In that change, along with the attention of the Party and the State, there are also significant contributions of Party members, leading examples in socio-economic development.
wine crumbs 
Ministry of Science and Technology
This is a new teaching method, which has been applied by Ms. Ha since 2017 and highly appreciated by the Initiative Council of the provincial Department of Education and Training.
Allocated 55.4 hectares of JICA2 plantation forests to 50 households in O5 village to participate in the management and protection project.
wrapped (towel) 
On this occasion, Vinh Kim Commune People's Committee awarded certificates of merit to 02 excellent cultured households for 03 consecutive years and signed emulation covenants, launching emulation movements in 2020.
Article 2. Based on this outline, the head of the provincial Ethnic Minority Committee shall expeditiously complete the scheme on development of plants, livestock and specialty products with advantages for development of ethnic minority areas of Binh Dinh province through 2025 and report it to the provincial People's Committee for consideration and decision.
(bird) swallow 
Attending the meeting were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh – Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee, Standing Members of the District Party Committee, the District People's Council, the People's Committee of the district, leaders of agencies, departments and unions of the district and delegates of the 11th district People's Council.
In the past year, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh District Public Security has focused on leading and directing the performance of outstanding tasks and achieved many outstanding results.
Light-loving shrubs, shy, grass are wild plants that thrive in the rainy season and die simultaneously in the dry season can regenerate stronger next year, both discoloring the soil and causing the risk of fire is a detrimental factor for cashew gardens.
Instructions
To propose initiatives, ideas, solutions and ways to contribute to the implementation of national cultural policies
Wet Wife
Involved in the spirit of equality, solidarity, respect, mutual assistance and progress among nations.
Not only good production, Party member Dinh Thi A Ngat also regularly helps and supports poor households in the commune to develop economically.
Attending and directing the Conference were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee.
Mechanisms to create land funds for construction of students' dormitories:
The village had more than thirty families of Barnabas.
This Decision comes into force from September 01,2019 and supersedes the Decision No. 28/2015/QD-UBND dated August 21,2015 of the People's Committee of the province.
squirting,
Up to now, infrastructure in difficulty-hit areas of the district has been invested in solid construction, contributing to improving the quality of education and medical examination and treatment; the people's life has gradually improved; The rate of poor households decreased by 5 to 6% annually on average. 100% of communes have cement concrete or asphalt roads to commune centers; irrigation systems have been increasingly invested; 99% of households are using the national grid; 59/59 villages and hamlets have community cultural houses... The rate of poor households at the end of 2019 decreased to 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to the previous year.
Once, he trapped a boar the size of a calf.
bubbles (fish) 
" There were more animals in the old days, " he said, " and birds were easy to trap. "
Candidates must hold bachelor's degrees or postgraduate degrees in foreign languages;
The enemy.
To promulgate the Regulation on support levels for development of cooperation and association in production associated with consumption of agricultural products and building of large fields in Binh Dinh province.
These are martial arts studios with long traditions, representing schools such as Thuan Truyen whip, An Vinh right, or originating from pagodas.
Monitoring of residues of banned antibiotics and toxic substances in aquaculture areas was carried out in 2019.
When considering the recognition of cultural villages, cultural hamlets or cultural street quarters, any local cultural villages, hamlets or street quarters that violate one of the following contents shall not be recognized :
Recurring meetings
To create conditions in all aspects for the Council's members to well perform their tasks in their terms of office.
To prioritize the attraction of large-scale, hi-tech and environmentally friendly industrial projects in parallel with the rational development of ship repair and building, energy, mechanical engineering, aquatic product processing and supporting industries.
Implementing the cow breeding program, from the beginning of this year, the localities have bred 1,916 cows, reaching 319.3% of the plan.
Lunch.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003;
newer 
a/Support mechanisms
Article 1. To assign and decentralize the tasks of inspecting, examining and supervising the quality of agricultural supplies, rural daily - life water and agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety under the management of the Agriculture and Rural Development Service in Binh Dinh province, covering:
hunting,
To step up the implementation of the national target program on building a new countryside
In the afternoon of September 25, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a conference to review 10 years of implementation of Guidance No. 35 dated October 15, 2009 of the Central Organizing Committee on organization and operation of military branches of communes, wards and townships.
The interdisciplinary epidemic control team of Vinh Hoa commune, located at Tien An village, is tasked with inspecting and collecting the situation of mobile people; cases of travelling to, from, and passing through districts, provinces and foreign countries back in the locality and temporarily controlling and preventing disease penetration, minimizing the spread of Covid-19 into Vinh Thanh district.
The provincial level shall assign the provincial Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Service to assume the prime responsibility and coordinate with the People's Committee of Tay Son district in :
- To sum up and report on periodical and extraordinary results.
With the aim of promoting socio-economic development in difficulty-hit communes in order to improve the living standards of ethnic minority people, the district has implemented in time programs, projects and funds to support difficulty-hit communes and villages in production development and social security policies.
Get firewood 
To bring into full play the advisory and consultancy roles of the provincial - and district - level PBGDPL Coordination Councils, the Councils standing bodies, organizations and units assigned the PBGDPL tasks;
swoop down,
After preparing the application, the applicant shall submit it to the district-level aquatic resource protection station affiliated to the Sub-department of catching and protection of aquatic resources.
Then they put the bananas in the buckets, sometimes following them and sometimes running up to them.
Ethnic Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh district organizes visits and supports families of prestigious ethnic minority people facing natural disasters and prolonged drought in 2019
The PBs at all levels shall also associate the implementation of Directive No. 05 with the implementation of campaigns and emulation movements such as "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", "Day for the Poor", "Vietnamese people give priority to using Vietnamese goods", "Gratitude for meaningful responses".
Agencies competent to grant certificates of eligible establishments of food safety (certificates of food safety) comply with the principle that the agency that inspects shall grant certificates of food safety. 
At the same time, continuing to coordinate in implementing solutions to consolidate and improve the quality of operations of entrusted association organizations at all levels and the quality of operations of savings and loan groups.
sleep delirium
whirlpool,
At the launching ceremony, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, requested Party committees, authorities, associations, schools, families and the entire society to step up communication to raise awareness about drowning prevention and control, especially for children.
The presidents of the provincial People's Committees shall request the heads of the provincial / municipal services, branches and mass organizations; the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and cities to seriously organize the performance of a number of the following tasks:
For standing rescue work, the Office of the district-level Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control shall be on duty around the clock during the occurrence of storms and floods.
- Leaders and former leaders of Binh Dinh province to attend the festival;
To promulgate a Regulation on a number of incentives and supports for investment in the construction of rural clean water supply works in Binh Dinh province.
Vinh Thanh district has 56 extremely difficult villages, so the lives of the majority of people are still poor, especially ethnic minority people.
To bring into play the achieved results, in the coming time, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee's People's Mobilization Board shall concentrate on propagating and mobilizing for raising the entire society's awareness of bringing into full play the people's great role in the cause of national construction and defense; to step up the local administration's people's mobilization work, properly implement the grassroots democracy regulation; to continue implementing policies suitable to people of all strata, religions and ethnicities; to continue stepping up the "people's mobilization skillfully" emulation movement in association with patriotic emulation movements at the grassroots level, contributing to socio-economic development, firmly maintaining national defense and security and protecting social welfare in the district.
Over the years, the attention of all levels and branches, the people's efforts, mobilization of external resources to focus on investment in the construction of electricity systems, roads, schools, stations, cultural institutions such as village community cultural houses, sports and physical training playgrounds... have made the rural face more and more renewed.
Speaking on the conclusions of the conference, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, Mr. Bui Tan Thanh proposed that the agriculture sector and localities focus on monitoring weather developments and factors adversely affecting production to advise and propose the district People's Committee on direction and administration solutions; fully prepare means, machinery, supplies, fertilizers, plant protection drugs, plant varieties, livestock and aquatic products... to direct and organize production close to the actual situation.
Culture operations need to be quick, regularly pasteurized with alcohol. 
Previously, on the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2019, delegations at all levels in Quy Nhon City have also campaigned and planted 90 peach trees in Vinh Son Commune.
Continuing Education Center of Vinh Thanh organizes training courses on mushroom cultivation and propagation for rural laborers
The province shall monitor, urge, inspect and report to the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee on the implementation of this plan.
Members: Mr. Nguyen Thanh Hai, Deputy Director in charge of Department of Planning and Investment.
injection (drug) 
pierced,
Previously, leaders of the district police also went to the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district to hand over the amount of VND8 million and 12 bottles of antiseptic hand sanitizer.
Support contents and levels
Industry, handicrafts and cottage industries remain small and slow to develop; infrastructure has been strengthened but still shows many weaknesses; the rate of poor households is high compared to the province's average.
tease,
In order to step by step change the people's awareness, the commune steering committee has directed Vinh Thuan commune health station to coordinate with mass organizations, from commune to village to implement many integrated communication programs and to each house to mobilize women of reproductive age who do not give birth to a third child, couples to implement family planning and reproductive health care.
In case of fraudulent declaration of recruitment registration forms or recruitment competent authorities,
Investment fund for 6 typical furnaces of Tay Son, Tuy Phuoc districts, An Nhon town
The thrips have a very small size, are young, milky white, move very quickly, often under the surface of young leaves, sucking up resin that yellows the leaves, the plant is barren, underdeveloped. 
Ma'am, I want to be a teacher like you. I want to teach the Bana script to the people in my village.
Article 7. Conditions to be supported
In addition, on the basis of the land area under the approved planning, in the campus of the school with a total land area of about 5.62 ha,
About the specialty products
First of all, to stabilize the flow, combat the erosion of flood water causing loss of agricultural land and landslides.
Ear holes
Organize activities once a month
Disease Prevention
depressed,
Support Method: 
Over the past years, the Party Central Committee at all levels in Vinh Thanh district has played an important role in building and replicating many practical models in the population area. Contributed to hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, economic development, effective implementation of the campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life in the population area" associated with building a new countryside.
You better hurry up! No more playing!
Currently, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district is focusing on the preparation of the 18th Party Congress of the district, the term 2020 - 2025 is expected to take place in August 2020. 
tiny baby
Torch
booklets
Then we're leaving.
Along with theoretical communication through visual images, during the training period, trainees can directly practice on the field from designing vegetable fields to preparing varieties, how to plant, care, fertilize, water, monitor plants (2 times / week) to grasp the growth and pest situation.
At the meeting, the Military Service Board shall ratify the list of 1, 297 enlisted youths in the district and organize the consideration and approval for each commune or township.
In general, the investors have strictly complied with the regulations in the process of construction investment.
On the morning of December 18, 2019, the Farmers' Association of Vinh Thanh district, the Office of Natural Resources and Environment of Vinh Thanh district in cooperation with the Farmers' Association of Vinh Hiep commune organized a review of the model of a residential area participating in environmental protection and response to climate change in 2019. There were 25 farmer households in Vinh Phuc village and Vinh Hiep commune participating in the model.
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has actively implemented the policy on contractual assignment to units, households and communities for management and protection of protection forests and special - use forests, contributing to the protection of forest resources.
Through visits and learning experiences, prestigious delegates have gained useful and practical experiences and created more motivation for prestigious people to promote their role in the propagation and mobilization of ethnic minority people to properly implement socio-economic development policies, contributing to sustainable hunger eradication and poverty reduction and improving living standards in ethnic minority areas.
All enlisted youth meet the standards of education and health
Blood vessels
varieties
The recruitment competent agency shall publicize it on the mass media.
fruit,
The peanut varieties used in this crop are HL14, TB25, HL25, Cockroach peanuts; the corn varieties used are the likes of; Bi ô sit 9698, CP 333, PAC 999.
To continue effectively implementing the central resolutions on organization and building of the Party; to build grassroots Party organizations and raise the quality of Party members; to raise the capacity of advisors on organization and building of the Party; to strive to fulfill assigned tasks.
Location: 11 districts, towns and cities in the province. 
I'd love to watch you work.
Along with the work of education and training, the protection and health care for ethnic minority people in the past 5 years, always the authorities and functional sectors of Vinh Thanh District special attention.
To effectively implement poverty reduction in communes.
However, to ensure the effective prevention and control of Covid-19 in the school, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao asked the schools to thoroughly follow the direction of the Prime Minister, the People's Committees of provinces and districts, as well as the recommendations of the health sector on Covid-19 prevention and control.
The People's Committee of Binh Dinh province promulgates the plan to implement the Scheme on conservation and promotion of traditional costumes of Vietnamese ethnic minorities in the current period in the province.
To guide land use right registries in registering secured transactions with land use rights or other land - attached assets.
In particular, the Government has proposed that the Central Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union presides over the establishment of the Children's Council.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Home Affairs in Report No. 644/TTr-SNV dated November 14,2012,
Incineration
look at,
In order to help Bana people put hybrid rice into production to improve rice productivity, in recent years, the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vinh Thanh district has conducted experiments on a number of rice varieties in the district, deploying hybrid rice production models in mountainous villages of 9 communes and townships, gradually helping people firmly develop hybrid rice farming.
Besides, well implementing the regime, social policies, military rear policy, participating in competitions and sports with high results.
Policies to support socio-economic development in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas have been effectively implemented under the direction of district-level People's Committees.
He was very proud of his buffalo.
Here's a machete.
the drum,
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of Local Government dated June 19, 2015 
In the direction of modern industry in order to provide for the production of sufficient breeds with productivity, quality and adaptation to climate change;
Quickly stabilize the situation, production, business, work, study... back to normal right after the end of the Lunar New Year holiday as prescribed is the direction of the Chairman of the People's Committee of Le Van Dau district at the press conference at the beginning of the year.
Seed Treatment Plant
After studying and conducting thematic research, each cadre, Party member, civil servant or public employee shall contact himself / herself and set out orientations to strive for and follow.
Organize inspection and assessment of quality, quantity and procurement of essential materials, vehicles and equipment for disaster response, such as canoes, tarpaulins, life jackets and generators
and development of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts as well as the projects of the Vietnam Traditional Martial Arts Federation on the preservation and development of Vietnamese traditional martial arts.
Funding for annual support policies shall comply with the estimates approved by the provincial People's Committees.
Picking up students in the new school year, guiding new students into school for many years has always been focused by the school
The Relic Management Board shall have to create favorable conditions for functional agencies to conduct inspection and examination according to the State's regulations.
In 2019, the Commune Farmers' Association in cooperation with the Credit District Social Policy Bank lent 41 members VND 2.9 billion, increasing the total outstanding debt by over VND 12 billion, to 273 members.
Sexual violence against women and girls is a crime
Department of Education and Training
Restrictions and causes. 
How many did you knit?
cones,
Decided by the Director of the Management Board as decentralized by the Director of the Service of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
The Model Women's Association branches have regular activities with many rich contents such as cultural exchanges, building propaganda pieces for the Association's work, picking democratic flowers, prize-winning quizzes, exchanging experiences in building happy families, developing production, raising healthy children, teaching good children, helping poor women.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with other agencies in, recruiting volunteers and organizing training programs for volunteers to participate in the festival.
Participating in the training course, the village and population cluster officials of communes in the districts have been communicated the basic contents in the guiding documents of the central and provincial levels on the national target program on building a new countryside;
According to the objectives, requirements and plans, actively coordinate with the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
May comrades-in-arms, sick soldiers and families with meritorious revolutionary services continue to make valuable contributions to the construction of their homeland, and at the same time set a good example for educating their descendants in the revolutionary traditions.
Step 2: The Advocacy Board shall establish criteria and allocate children to participate in the Children's Council.
To perform other tasks as assigned by the Council's Chairman.
And in the admission notice about information related to renting student housing (contents such as housing location, phone and website). 
- Organizing the training and compilation of professional guidance and legal documents;
The district People's Committee has issued a plan to support the eradication of poverty for households with meritorious services to the revolution belonging to multidimensional poor households for the period 2019-2020.
Forget it,
However, the implementation still has some shortcomings and limitations, thus failing to achieve the set objectives and requirements.
Up to now, the percentage of households in the district using hygienic water is 97.5%, the forest coverage rate reaches 75.81%.
To build a strong provincial-level fisheries resources surveillance force capable of inspecting and supervising the observance of law and sanctioning fishing vessels that commit violations at sea (100% of fishing vessels engaged in seafood exploitation comply with regulations).
Responsibilities of agencies and units having children participating in Children's Councils
Document No. 6672/UBND-KT dated October 29,2018 of the People's Committee of the province on investment in construction, upgrading and repair of irrigation works during 2021- 2025;
Article 4. Principles of assignment and coordination in specialized examination, supervision and inspection
pointed,
Article 2. The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district in directing relevant units to implement in accordance with current regulations of the State.
At the proposal of the investor, on the principle that the State's preferences shall not be included in the rents and the maximum profit norm shall be 10%, with the minimum capital recovery duration of 20 years.
Recently, after the issuance of Plan No. 81 on building district - and commune - level electronic one - stop - shop software in districts, leaders of district People's Committees monitored and directed the acceleration of implementation of this software.
look at,
It is known that by the end of 2019, the rate of poor households in the district decreased by 6.34% compared to the previous year.
Branding solutions for high quality beef and beef in Binh Dinh
The estimated funding for the Long Phuoc Pagoda Martial Arts Club is VND 15 million from the provincial budget, including the supply of costumes and weapons for performances.
Garment
If a business establishment manufactures or trades in multiple products, a presiding authority and relevant agencies shall be assigned to cooperate at the request of the presiding authority.
The number of poor households in ethnic minority communes decreased significantly from 4 to 5% per year, so far there are no hungry households, basically eradicating makeshift houses.
arguing,
Let's try it first.
Attending were Deputy Chief of Staff Mai Hong Son, Ministry of Military Affairs of the province; Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of the district Party Committee, Secretary of the Military Party Committee of the district.
State the reasons, introduce the delegates.
The interdisciplinary COVID-19 control checkpoint was established in Go Lei, with the Health, Military and Traffic Police forces to control people and vehicles entering and leaving Vinh Thanh District by road.
From that time on, the brothers became wealthy, and the monkeys stopped destroying their cassava.
Besides, the units continue to enhance the quality of natural forests by bio-forestry measures to regenerate and nurture forests. To allocate the remaining forest area that has not been allocated to local management.
To build communes up to legal access standards; treaties on human rights to which Vietnam is a contracting party and key tasks of judicial work in 2020.
At the same time, each household will be provided with funds for building garbage pits at their homes; and supports for flower varieties and green trees to be planted along main roads in villages.
Where there are difficulties related to personnel work, with the consent of the competent Party Committees, the congresses shall be convened with three contents, but the third content on the election of the new Party Committee level has not yet been carried out.
To propagate and raise the awareness and knowledge of people in the province about the Party's and the State's undertakings and policies on the sea and islands, the protection of our country's legitimate rights and interests in the East Sea, and the province's potential, advantages and sustainable development of the marine economy.
The average yield was 82.8 - 120 kg of dried herbs per hectare (360 m2) per cutting, equivalent to 2,300 - 3,000 kg of dried herbs per hectare per cutting.
Legal popularization and education; grassroots conciliation; building of communes up to 2020 standards of access to law in Binh Dinh province
And the Director of the Management Board of Historical - Cultural Relics and Scenic Areas of Binh Dinh province shall implement this Decision from the date of signing.
full of,
I'll leave it to you when I catch it.
However, to produce hybrid rice in ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district to bring efficiency is also not easy, there must be the participation of the functional sector, local authorities, associations and mass organizations in the propagation, advocacy and guidance on farming techniques.
This year, the school has 462 students at 2 levels of secondary and high school
In which, the central budget will provide supports of VND 3,607.10 billion; VND 1,974.555 billion from the provincial budget and VND 756.895 billion from the district budget.
In the immediate future, there will be a program in response to the April 19, 2009 announcement ceremony organized by the Central Government and the 2009 Binh Dinh Mountainous Ethnic Culture and Sports Festival.
(nine) berry 
Therefore, in recent years, Vinh Thanh district has focused on doing well the site clearance to facilitate the construction units on schedule, ensuring completion and putting into use in July 2020.
Cooperate with Credit Policy Bank of Disputed District to help youth have capital for economic development
To closely coordinate with the health sector in killing larvae and larvae; to organize the spraying of mosquito-killing chemicals
it's all gone,
Root collar disease: The disease seriously harms seedlings in nurseries and basic gardens, especially for seedlings under 3 weeks old. Seedlings wither leaves. The bark of the base of the stem close to the ground rots, darkens, sinks inward, the seedlings wither and die. 
At the same time, to coordinate in conducting propaganda and mobilization meetings to prevent and control dengue hemorrhagic fever at households so that people know and voluntarily check and eliminate larvae and mosquito larvae reservoirs, kill mosquitoes, apply measures to prevent mosquito bites and actively participate in dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention and control in localities; to guide people how to early detect cases of the disease and immediately go to the nearest medical establishments for timely examination and treatment, not to arbitrarily treat at home, which may lead to dangerous and possibly fatal complications.
Mainly raising fishes that are strongly consumed by the market such as: persimmon, carp, sesame, bamboo shoots, catfish, snakehead fish... the output reaches about 700 tons / year, income after deducting the average cost of 60 - 80 million VND per raft.
Owners of investment capital in projects on dormitories for students shall be investors of such projects.
In this case, the family made 2 rice poles with hybrid rice varieties TH3-5 supported by the province, thanks to good care, the average yield reached 61 tonnes / ha.
On the afternoon of May 5, the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development held a workshop on the model of breeding crispy carp on Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir. Attending were Mr. Bui Tan Thanh, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao - Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee.
- Having registered the recruitment demand and a leader representing the organization and personnel section of the standing agency.
For the fourth consecutive year, the district economy has maintained its growth rate.
Program on promoting children's right to participation in children's issues: VND 190,000,000. 
Thereby, effectively contributing to the prevention and combat of crimes and social evils; mobilizing the combined strength of the entire political system and the entire population in crime prevention and combat.
While he was resting, Mr. Ass was loaded with bullets to ambush the monkey or to eat the fruit.
except for,
The province's support fund for localities to implement the policy on solidification of intra - field canals and ditches in the 2016 - 2020 period is VND 175.176 million for consolidation of 590 km of canals and ditches.
To step up the development of animal husbandry, attaching importance to the implementation of vaccination according to plans; to prevent and combat epidemics of cattle and poultry diseases 
In order to create clear changes in the management of food quality and safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products in the locality.
From this capital source, together with the support capital of the province and the district, so far, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune has set up procedures for disbursement of 3 breeding projects for 21 households with a total amount of VND 384 million, to invest in breeding cows.
Implementing the cow breeding program, from the beginning of this year, the localities have bred 1,916 cows, reaching 319.3% of the plan.
In the past 10 years (from 2009 to 2019), the Standing Committee of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has regularly led and directed the implementation of Guidance No. 35 of the Central Organizing Committee close to the situation of each unit and locality.
the chasm
This is the responsibility of all levels, sectors, families, schools and the entire society.
Funding sources for implementation: From the provincial budget.
The next morning, he went into the woods again.
Quy Nhon University, Quang Trung University, Binh Dinh College... 
the first,
Shoulder
To direct and inspect the use of funding sources according to regulations.
Having brought about practical efficiency, improved the material and spiritual life of the people, contributing to the protection of security and order and environmental protection in the district; the localities have well implemented this model such as Vinh Thinh Commune, Vinh Quang Commune, Vinh Hiep Commune, Vinh Thanh Township
alcohol needs 
lose,
It's far.
As a result, farmers' members have actively responded to and effectively built many pilot models of rural environmental protection, specifically:
affiliated party committees 
Circular No. 18/2016 / TT-BTC dated January 21, 2016 of the Ministry of Finance guiding the implementation of a number of articles of Decree No. 35/2015 / ND-CP dated April 13, 2015 of the Government;
On the morning of November 18th, the Vietnamese National Day chose Dinh Tam Village, Vinh Hao Commune as the venue to celebrate the 89th anniversary of the Vietnamese National Day of Remembrance (18.11.1930-18.11.2019) and the National Unity Day 2019.
Leaders of Vinh Thanh district visited and congratulated Vietnam Teachers' Day
Mr. Vo Ngoc Sy, Head of Organization and Personnel Department, Department of Education and Training.
At present, the total herd of buffaloes and cows in the commune has 1,943 heads; of which buffaloes have 649 heads, down 12.29% over the same period; herd of cows 1,294 heads, up 25.26% over the same period; herd of pigs 1,704 heads; poultry 8,177 heads.
bulge,
In addition, the Youth Union of Vinh Thuan commune actively mobilizes the youth to participate in socio-economic development programs.
To create a strong development step in physical training and sports up to 2020 and relevant guiding documents of the provincial People's Committee.
Today his parents took him with them to the field. He was carrying a small bucket. The Yellow Dog was also with him. Sometimes he followed, sometimes he rushed forward, seeming to be enjoying himself.
Missions and solutions
Mr. Huynh Quang Vinh, Deputy Director of Department of Natural Resources and Environment 
In furtherance of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 2085, district People's Committees have directed the review and support of residential land, production land and daily-life water for poor ethnic minority households and poor households in communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties; approved the list of households receiving daily-life water support for 74 poor ethnic minority households and poor households of Kinh people with an amount of VND 111 million.
click,
To strive to meet the criteria of the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
daughter-in-law
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has actively implemented the policy on contractual assignment to units, households and communities for management and protection of protection forests and special - use forests, contributing to the protection of forest resources.
In addition to reviewing and assessing policies on poverty reduction, updating changes in poor and near-poor households in the area, making a list of health insurance card applicants in accordance with regulations.
My leg still hurts. My hands are just a little sore.
According to the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district, in 2019 the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district considered supporting the construction of 11 houses of great solidarity for poor households and ethnic minority households in the district.
To act as the standing body assisting the provincial People's Committee in monitoring and summing up the situation and proposing solutions to difficulties and problems.
The Government's Decree No. 92/2017/ND-CP dated August 07,2017;
The success of the model helped many members and relatives in the village to study and follow very successfully.
Held the conference "Talking about the moral example of Ho Chi Minh" from the grassroots to district level.
To build a contingent of ethnic minority law rapporteurs and communicators
At the end of the contest, the Organizing Committee awarded the first prize to the 6A2 class team for brocade weaving in the middle school, the second prize to the 9A1 class team and the third prize to the 6A1 class; high school: the first prize was awarded to the 12A class team, the second prize to the 11A1 class and the third prize was awarded to the 10A1 class;
Decision on approval for funding for implementation of programs in the field of child protection and care in 2016 in the province 
Planting density: 4,000 plants / h; Dig a hole in the middle of the hole, put the grape seedlings down and then fill the soil, avoiding direct contact with the roots of the plants with manure.
Le Van Canh hamlet, An Nhon town
The People's Committees of districts shall organize the implementation of: (i) 14.95 km of dikes and embankments; (ii) 01 pumping station; the total expenditure is 174.50 billion VND from the provincial and district budgets.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Construction Departments and district-level Natural Resources and Environment Departments of Quy Nhon city in:
Joel's grandfather knew a great deal about the people of Barnabas.
the rack
Writer
On the basis of gender, to mobilize the entire society to actively take action to more effectively implement policies and programs on gender equality and gender-based violence prevention and control
The youth flower garden here will make its own impression, showing the heart of the people as well as the gratitude of the youth of the province to prolong the spring in the revolutionary hometown of Vinh Son.
At the same time, to create conditions for students to exchange, tighten solidarity, contributing to creating conditions for members and unionists to train their organizational capacity and participate in collective activities.
In addition, the construction of the traffic system on the embankment is also significant in ensuring the rescue and rescue upon the occurrence of natural disasters that separate and isolate the downstream area.
pantyhose
Have not achieved the "advanced residential area" title for 04 consecutive years.
The support level of the commune People's Committees (including support for subsidies on irrigation charges and other lawful sources as prescribed) shall be between 0% and 30% of the approved construction and installation value, specified in Appendix 1.
Black Black
In addition, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district directs the concerned branches and mass organizations and localities to organize Mid-Autumn Festival activities for children in the district.
Article 2. Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development shall preside over and cooperate with relevant agencies, People's Committees of coastal districts and cities in organizing the implementation.
weaning 
make puddle
Development orientation on livestock
Also participated in technical training before entering production
Be careful,
From these solutions, the annual rate of poor households in the commune decreased compared to the set target.
How long will it take to build a house?
In fact, the fight against forest robbery in the locality shows that when the forest rangers are strong to hunt forest robbers, the deforestation of illegal trading and transportation of forest products there decreases, but after that, the situation is always there.
Establishment of Binh Dinh Provincial Children's Council for the period of 2017-2020
The implementation model is a practical solution to reduce plastic waste, waste from plastic bags discharged into the living environment today.
- To regularly report on implementation results and problems to the provincial People's Committees for direction.
District-level People's Committees, departments and sectors shall implement the conclusions of Vice Chairperson of Tran Chau People's Committee in Notice No. 22/TB-UBND dated February 18,2020 and Notice No. 23/TB-UBND dated February 19,2020 on solutions for drought prevention and control in the province.
Chapter III: Funding for policy implementation
In addition, the commune has coordinated with the Vocational Education Center of Vinh Thanh district, Labor and Social Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh district to open 2 vocational training classes to grow acacia trees, eucalyptus as paper materials with more than 70 participants..
Name of the scheme: The scheme on development of crops, livestock and specialty products with advantages for development of ethnic minority areas in Binh Dinh province through 2025.
At the ceremony, the delegates spent solemn moments of mourning, expressing deep gratitude to the heroes and martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the cause of national liberation and unification.
Noodles are less prone to pests, but it is necessary to pay attention to some common objects such as spider mites, rot, purulent diseases..., especially dragon broom disease. 
The most recent project is safe vegetable development on Vinh Son land with the participation of ethnic minority households.
Investment in power grid infrastructure to connect wind and solar power projects to the national power system
and then,
At the same time, using local budgets, socializing funding sources, mobilizing parents to provide material support in order to strengthen physical foundations and teaching equipment at semi-boarding schools in the district.
blankets (buffalo) 
Accordingly, the commune People's Committee has directed the villages to strictly implement the seasonal calendar to avoid damage caused by the weather and pests.
To assign specific responsibilities to each member for directing and administering according to their functions and tasks and in charge of their respective localities, to intensify the inspection, urging and supervision of the organization of animal vaccination, prevention and combat of animal epidemics in their respective localities.
Heads of agencies, units and relevant organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision.
For fish farming on Dinh Binh reservoir, to further encourage people to develop and expand fish farming areas suitable to the reservoir bed volume.
80 years of the founding of the Communist Party (03/02); 35 years of the liberation of Binh Dinh province (31/3); 35 years of the liberation of the South (30/4) 
Department of Industry and Trade
bitter melon,
The propagation of the Law on Military Servicemen in some localities has not been extensive, the finalization of the capacity of citizens in the enlistment age in some localities has not been closely carried out; there are still cases of citizens violating the Law on Military Service on evading orders to call up for health examination.
To urge concerned provincial-level Departments, branches and localities in implementing the Scheme, annually summarize implementation results of component projects and report them to provincial-level People's Committees.
It can be said that after 15 years of resettlement, the socio-economic situation in Vinh Thuan highland commune has seen many positive changes, national defense and security have been ensured, the people's material and spiritual life has been significantly improved, contributing to building the Party, building a clean and strong administration.
Over the past years, the Party Central Committee at all levels in Vinh Thanh district has played an important role in building and replicating many practical models in the population area. Contributed to hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, economic development, effective implementation of the campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life in the population area" associated with building a new countryside.
According to Decision No. 48/2010 / QD-TTg of the Prime Minister and Joint Circular No. 11/2011 / TTLT-BNN-BQP-BTC of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Finance guiding the implementation of Decision No. 48/2010 / QD-TTg.
meters
Recognized and used for activities of traditional professions, trade villages and accredited traditional trade villages.
(rice) sticky
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg dated July 13,2010;
Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism 
Up to now, the whole district has built 5 professional associations, including: "Cotton weaving" at Thanh Quang village sub-committee of Vinh Hiep commune, "Fish farming" at Dinh Nhat village sub-committee of Vinh Hao commune, "breeding cross-breeding cows" at K6 village sub-committee of Vinh Kim commune, Tien An village, Vinh Hoa commune and Dinh Thai village, Vinh Quang commune.
blocking
You should buy medicine for him to drink. He has malaria. Go to bed with a net. Do not drink plain water.
Proactively handle incidents arising unexpectedly before and during the flood and storm seasons and reinforce key positions in order to minimize incidents in the event of floods and storms.
Mr. Dao Van Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture;
Not only good production, Party member Dinh Thi A Ngat also regularly helps and supports poor households in the commune to develop economically.
Flooding 
vinegar (banana) 
On the road along Dinh Binh lake, some sections were eroded roof, many trees fell, causing traffic jams.
Article 1.-To promulgate together with this Decision the Guidance on the implementation of a number of policies to encourage and support fishing, aquaculture and fishing services in remote sea areas.
coil spool 
For physiological diseases caused by cold, such as blood drainage, yellowing leaves... should pay attention to moisturizing, fertilizing balanced fertilizers, especially phosphorus and kaly to increase the resistance of plants.
Squeezing
approaching noon,
In addition to the determination and efforts of the local government and people, Vinh Kim Commune needs more attention and investment from all levels, branches and projects to complete the roadmap to build a new countryside according to the proposed plan.
in front,
The Party building is also promoted by the Party Committee.
(smell) aromatic 
bow bow
The castle was very high. The two roofs in front and behind were steep. At the top there were rattan trees knitted in different shapes. Inside the castle, the Barnabas put many fireplaces, hanging many gongs, gongs, drums, bows, arrows, and spears. There was also a large column built in the middle of the castle. On the top of the column were carved images of the gods.
Specifically, to enhance coordination with branches and mass organizations; to step up public information work with contents and forms suitable to local customs, practices and awareness of local people, especially ethnic minority people.
In furtherance of Decision No. 722 dated 26.6.2018 of the Prime Minister and Plan No. 03 of the Provincial Steering Committee for Population and Housing Census on the organization of the 2019 Census, Vinh Thanh district has implemented and participated in with high spirit and responsibility.
On top of the column were carved figures of the gods.
The Yells have a buffalo.
Many households not only escaped poverty but also rose to enrichment, such as the case of Mr. Dinh Khuan and Ms. Dinh Thi A Ngat (village 2), Dinh Khuy (village 6), Dinh Nhin (village 3), Dinh Nhun (village 8).
On the afternoon of October 30, the Continuing Education Center of Vinh Thanh district held the closing ceremony of the training course on “Livestock Breeding and Disease Prevention and Treatment for Chickens in 2019"
Hoai An district: 865.270.000 VND 
On 14 January, the Banking Operations Division of the District Social Policy Bank summarized the lending activities to poor households and other policy beneficiaries in 2019 and implemented the tasks in 2020.
It is reported that in 2019, the district Party Committee has admitted 94 new party members, bringing the total number of party members to 2,563 comrades.
He knitted big eyes and small eyes.
In furtherance of the Political Bureau's Resolution No. 39, the district has made a list of 61 tons of iodized salt to be allocated to 10,174 beneficiaries,
Inspect and direct the implementation of the Action Plan for food safety in agriculture; summarize the management of food safety in 2020 and implement the tasks in 2021.
Because Vietnamese culture is advanced and deeply imbued with national identity, promoting the cultural image of ethnic groups to the whole province, the whole country and international friends.
The bare branches of the trees were now racing for buds.
However, in order for vocational training to be more effective, the State should adopt policies to invest more in vocational training for people in deep-lying and remote areas.
tree leaves 
Over the past time, Kon Tru village officials and people have united to well implement the contents of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", the campaign "Day for the poor", "Thank you for meaning", "Drinking water remembers the source"...
Equipment and tools are both lacking and not up to standards, so the quality of teaching and learning is not high.
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities and members of the council for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages in Binh Dinh province
(Issued together with Decision No. 3147/QD-BTP dated December 28,2018 of the Minister of Justice)
Reflecting on the feelings of cadres, Party members and people in the province and Binh Dinh people outside the province about the results of Party congresses at all levels in the province; activities to celebrate the success of the XX Party Congress of the province.
open ajar 
UVBTV
The payroll of the Relic Management Board belongs to the administrative payroll of the Service of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
To continuously promote the attraction of capital sources and projects to create conditions for youth to develop their economy and improve their living standards.
Article 3. Subjects of application
Health Center
The Party Central Committee with the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized urban area", the district Fatherland Front Association deployed the campaign "Build a clean five-zero-three family", the Youth Union with the movement "Companion with the youth in establishing themselves and making a career", "Volunteer for community life", the Farmers Association with the movement of farmers working together to build a new countryside, farmers doing good production and business... 
screaming,
search for
bow bow
Unique training methods to preserve the next generation as well as maintain the operation of each martial arts studio.
Ms. Nguyen Viet Thuy Nga, Officer of Planning and Operation Department, Social Policy Bank Branch - Deputy Head of the delegation. 
Uncle...
Speech clearly stated: The 10th session of the 11th district People's Council took place in the context of the socio-economic situation in the district continued to grow and develop, most of the indicators increased compared to the same period.
The Party Committee achieved clean and strong throughout the term.
To direct and administer the Council's activities according to the provisions of this Regulation; to assign tasks to the Council members.
Organize the propagation, education and promotion of "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" towards April 19, 2009.
Ever since the infirmary, this was the first time he'd walked in.
Therefore, the district health sector, recommends people to be cautious in the use of mushrooms, absolutely not to use strange mushrooms, to avoid poisoning. 
Standing Deputy Head: Mr. Phan Trong Ho, Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Comrade Nguyen Thi Phong Vu also affirmed that caring for policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution is a fine tradition and morality of our nation and at the same time the feeling and responsibility of all people. Therefore, over the years, the province has always paid much attention to and cared for policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution with specific and practical actions.
Developing suitable new industries
Perforating holes
- The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Justice Service, the heads of the provincial services, departments, branches and mass organizations;
Once upon a time, two poor wives gave birth to two sons.
threesomes
According to the plan of the provincial People's Committee, the first festival of the gong of ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province - 2019 is aimed at contributing to the preservation and promotion of the value of the gong cultural space of the people.
Specify the vaccination plan and announce regularly on the radio to the breeders to actively keep cattle, poultry, dogs and cats at home, convenient for vaccination.
In furtherance of Directive No. 35 of the Political Bureau and Plan No. 58 of the Standing Board of the Provincial Party Committee on the Party Congresses of all levels, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party, the Standing Board of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee promptly issued a plan on implementation, thoroughly grasping and directing the implementation in the entire Party Committee of the district.
In the morning of October 10, the Inspectorate of the Movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" led by Deputy Minister and Vice Chairman of the Committee for Ethnic Minorities Hoang Thi Hanh inspected the implementation of the Movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" and Program 135, Decision No. 45 dated 09.01.2019 of the Prime Minister in Vinh Thanh district.
Vinegar
Organize ceremonies to honor and select individuals, collectives, products, technologies... to make practical and effective contributions.
In furtherance of Decision No. 3408/QD-BNN-QLCL dated December 20,2010 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development on assignment of tasks of inspection and supervision of quality of agricultural materials and food safety for agro-forestry-fishery products under the management of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
To sum up data on herds of cattle, pigs, poultry, dogs and cats quarterly and organize the management thereof.
cassava
- To organize the management and vaccination of dogs and cats raised in their localities under the Agriculture and Rural Development Ministry's Circular No. 48/2009/TT-BNNPTNT of August 4,2009.
Accordingly, the activities propagated by the Association at all levels to its members are focused on exemplary observance and propagation and mobilization of people to well implement the guidelines and lines of the Party, policies and laws of the State; solidarity to help each other develop the economy, eradicate hunger and reduce poverty; effective participation in solving complex and sensitive issues at the grassroots level; proactive coordination with the Youth Union to educate and foster revolutionary ideals, raise awareness of the young generation, not to let bad people drag and take advantage of.
To direct and guide the Associations and their branches to work out plans and advise Party Committees and administrations at all levels and coordinate with local departments and branches in organizing activities in a coordinated manner to create a lively atmosphere for farmers and rural population communities to participate in environmental protection, biodiversity protection and green, clean and beautiful rural landscapes and environment.
ease of use
drifting 
In addition, the Sub-Department has also directed the associations in the village to mobilize people to participate in the implementation of the new rural construction program in the locality and other movements.
healthy,
Guiding and organizing activities in response to Vietnam Law Day 2020
Article 4. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province; Directors of Departments of Education and Training, Finance, Planning and Investment, Home Affairs, Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs, Culture and Sports
Put it away.
Dark afternoon 
More than 10 years of attachment to the profession - it is also the continuous effort of teacher Le Thi Thuy Ha.
The handling of local administrations' violations of the Forestry Law remains intransigent; many households contracted to conduct forest inspection fail to conduct forest inspection and promptly detect destroyed forests.
rush,
mouthed,
2nd time: 50 – 60 days after planting (1/2 protein fertilizer + 1/2 potassium). 
If the specialized examination and inspection plans of the agencies of the same level overlap in geographical areas and / or establishments, the parties shall discuss and agree to set up inter-sectoral delegations.
Article 1. To promulgate together with this Decision a list of 02 amended administrative procedures in the field of grassroots culture under the management of the Culture and Sports Department of Binh Dinh province.
At the conference, delegates spent time analyzing and pointing out weaknesses that need to be overcome in the coming time, in order to fulfill the targets and tasks set for the last 3 months of 2019.
The main causes are: a part of ethnic minority people have not high awareness, slash-and-burn production is rotational and not fixed; most communes and townships have not had sustainable land use planning, agricultural and forestry promotion has been deployed in many localities but the spread is not high; the people's land use is not reasonable, some land areas planned for planting food crops are planted with industrial trees; the construction of irrigation and hydropower works makes some production land areas of people narrowed, while the population is increasing, production does not meet the demand for food; prices of some agricultural and forest products increase, stimulating local people to deforestation for farming land.
Especially through national target programs and ethnic minority policies, essential infrastructure in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas are interested in investment.
From a number of small-scale farming households, until now, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh irrigation lake has developed into a professional association of cage fish farming with high economic efficiency.
wearout 
New Rice Celebration
wise
them - from three or more people 
To proactively strengthen and expand external relations and international cooperation for sustainable development of the province's marine economy.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 23/TTr-SNN dated January 22,2020,
On the morning of January 28, the Standing Committee of the district delegation coordinated with the District Study Promotion Association to organize "Meet and praise students with high achievements in the University entrance examination in 2019".
Thanks to diversified deployment forms, rich and practical contents, the campaign and emulation movement have been enthusiastically responded by the CCBs.
oar paddle
Along with the septic toilet system, domestic wastewater also flows to the sewer, pond and lake, gradually soaking into the groundwater.
The National Assembly 
wearing,
whispering
in the room
Mr. Phan Thanh Liem, Deputy Head of Department of Education Quality Management 
cups
Pursuant to the Circular No. 45/2014/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 03,2014 and the Circular No. 51/2014/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 27,2014 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Up to now, the whole district has built 5 professional associations, including: "Cotton weaving" at Thanh Quang village sub-committee of Vinh Hiep commune, "Fish farming" at Dinh Nhat village sub-committee of Vinh Hao commune, "breeding cross-breeding cows" at K6 village sub-committee of Vinh Kim commune, Tien An village, Vinh Hoa commune and Dinh Thai village, Vinh Quang commune.
On the morning of December 1, the Provincial Committee for Ethnic Minorities Affairs in cooperation with the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized the technical acceptance and handed over 3 sets of gongs to the general education, lower secondary and upper secondary schools of Vinh Thanh;
At the congress, delegates elected 15 comrades to the Executive Committee of Vinh Thuan Party Committee for the term 2020-2025.
Get the firewood fastest.
Kon Đruch Village
In the course of implementing the general survey, the Steering Committee for Population and Housing Census of the district regularly enhances the inspection, supervision and urging of localities and investigators in the implementation of the work. Vinh Thanh has completed the investigation 9 days earlier than the prescribed time.
In particular, there are many targets achieved and exceeded compared to the Resolution.
On older trees, large, old branches with canopies intersecting between trees, painful pruning can be done by cutting the top of the branch to 2/3 of the length of the branch. Painful pruning often weakens the tree, so it takes 2-3 years to create painful shaping once.
To bring into play the achievements, in the coming time, Vinh Thanh district will continue mobilizing resources for investment in infrastructure development, stepping up economic restructuring in the direction of combining commodities with intensifying agricultural and forestry extension, transferring and applying scientific and technical advances, expanding the production scale of a number of key crops with competitive advantages, increasing incomes and renewing production and daily-life practices of ethnic minority people in the district.
On the occasion of the 45th anniversary of the Liberation of Binh Dinh province, Mr. Nguyen Thanh Tung - Member of the Party Central Committee, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee visited and presented 10 gifts to typical policy families in Vinh Thanh district, each gift valued at VND 1 million.
(wind) quiet 
To mobilize breeders to detect and promptly report epidemics to veterinary medicine and local administrations;
This Resolution is ratified by the 12th People's Council of Binh Dinh Province during the 9th session on July 11,2019 and comes into force from August 01,2019./.
The downside and consequence of rapid urbanization has a huge impact on the environment and climate change, in which it is inevitable that the human habitat is threatened, seriously degraded by pollution from waste and sewage of industrial parks, craft villages, residential areas.
the dog,
To raise the scientific and technological capability of organizations and individuals engaged in breed research and production.
Attend meetings of direct dialogue between children and the Standing board of the provincial People's Council.
Implementation of projects in Subdivision 08 - Becamex B Urban and Service Area.
Over the years, the Center for Vocational Education and Continuing Education of Vinh Thanh District has focused on vocational training for rural laborers. The Center has continuously strengthened its facilities and equipment, and promoted the training and retraining of vocational teachers and vocational training administrators.
Washing
Since the early years of resistance against the US, Vinh Thanh is not only the base of Binh Dinh Provincial Party Committee but also the foothold of the Gia Lai Provincial Party Committee, Inter-provincial Party Committee II (including Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh, Phu Yen provinces).
In 2019, Vinh Thanh District Public Security proactively grasped the situation, advised Party Committees and authorities, mobilized the combined strength of the entire political system and people of all strata to ensure order and security, political security and social order and safety continue to be maintained, effectively contributing to the task of socio-economic development of the locality.
mom,
On these days, Joel's father and the villagers used to go out to the river and pick up firewood.
soft lumps
With the money, rice collected from the above models, the chapter has helped 5 members of the women in difficulty in the chapter to borrow to invest in production.
Units managing the operation of student dormitories shall notify training institutions and the mass media of the locations, number of dormitories, addresses and time limits for receipt of applications.
In order for the meat of the fish to be delicious and crispy, the farmer will have to feed the fish with silk beans.
Through the first morning, the majority of people agreed to respond and said that this is a right decision to ensure the health of people, as well as the best way to prevent the spread of the disease.
Together with the attention of the Party and the State as well as the efforts of the people, up to now, the entire district has been invested in building 153 infrastructure works; supporting plant varieties, livestock and production supplies for poor households, paying attention to vocational training for young people, strengthening agricultural and forestry extension training; legal assistance for communes and villages, especially difficult villages.
Pursuant to the Joint Circular No. 13/2014/TTLT-BYT-BNNPTNT-BCT dated April 09,2014 of the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Ministry of Industry and Trade;
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
International treaties signed between Vietnam and countries sharing borderlines; international treaties on the sea to which Vietnam is a contracting party... 
Party Secretary Ho Xuan Anh visited the situation of work, accommodation and travel of people working at the Center for Disease Control, and encouraged the on-site forces to overcome difficulties and fulfill their tasks to contribute to preventing the COVID-19 epidemic.
Strictly controlling pupils and trainees coming from epidemic areas to districts; promptly detecting and immediately reporting to health agencies on suspected cases or cases showing signs of disease in order to prevent and avoid the spread of the epidemic.
In particular, to focus on mobilizing villagers to actively participate in economic development in the field of agricultural production.
Implementing "learning" and "following" Uncle's example, the unions in the village have also deployed many movements and models or attracted officials and members to participate and achieve many results.
Currently, along with the implementation of prevention and control of Covid-19 and other epidemics, Vinh Thanh District Health Center also recommends that people should proactively prevent and control dengue fever with measures such as killing larvae and mosquito larvae around the house to prevent mosquito bites, even when sleeping during the day.
to be honest,
This Resolution is ratified by the 11th Provincial People's Council at its 12th meeting on December 25,2015 and comes into force from January 01,2016./.
Every year, on holidays, lunar new year, traditional martial arts have become indispensable activities.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the directors of the provincial / municipal Services of Planning and Investment, Agriculture and Rural Development, Finance, the director of the provincial State Treasury, the presidents of the district People's Committees,
With more than 51,886 hectares of forested land, including more than 46,685.9 hectares of natural forests, Vinh Thanh district in the past is a locality that has well implemented the policy of contracting forest management and protection with a contracted area of more than 25,931 hectares of forests for 07 collectives, 30 village communities and 2,084 households to protect, bringing practical efficiency..
Although the size of the farm is not large, but each year gives income from 100 to 200 million VND.
In addition, on the occasion of the Invalids and Martyrs Day 27/7, the localities and associations in the district also organized many activities such as meetings, visits, gifts, help for policy beneficiaries and people with meritorious services in difficult circumstances in the district.
Vietnamese People's Front of Vinh Thanh district organized the Fair point of Great national unity in 2019 in Dinh Tam Village, Vinh Hao Commune
smiling,
Slitting
This value is higher than the cultivation of maize, potatoes, rice... respectively on the area and seedling care.
Wooden Case
yes (money) 
- Other capital sources as prescribed.
The conference discussed and raised difficulties in the implementation of the work of the Association and the women's movement at the grassroots level; at the same time, adopted a number of targets and solutions to implement the tasks of the Association in 2020.
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development
Up to now, the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune in cooperation with the Social Policy Bank of Vinh Thanh district, disbursed more than VND 4.5 billion to help 127 women members borrow to invest in production such as cow farming, pig farming, watermelon cultivation, grass cultivation, clean vegetables.
squirrel
on top of the
Beans
calf,
Two thousand a cloth. 
Farmers in Vinh Hao Commune trusted the Transaction Office of VBSP of the district over 12 billion VND
To implement the policy on copyright protection for new varieties in accordance with the Law on Intellectual Property and the Law on Technology Transfer; to commend and reward organizations and individuals that make contributions to the research and production of varieties.
From kindergarten to high school in Binh Dinh province
Implementing the guiding documents related to psychological counseling and life skills education for students of the sector, over the past time, Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School has established a psychological counseling and life skills education group for ethnic minority boarding students, operating from the academic year 2016 – 2017, initially achieving certain results.
Regarding the assignment and decentralization of the tasks of inspecting, examining and supervising the quality of agricultural supplies, rural daily - life water and agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety under the management of the Agriculture and Rural Development Service in Binh Dinh province.
Construction of necessary items of a cow market such as: Blocks with roofs to protect cows from rain and sunshine; fence walls, gates, antiseptic systems, drinking water supply systems for cows, drainage systems and wastewater treatment systems.
- To conduct grassroots conciliation; to build communes up to law access standards by 2020;
Policies to encourage the development of highland socio-economic development such as freight subsidy, price subsidy and support for plant varieties for livestock breeding
pointed
Agencies competent to grant certificates of food safety knowledge shall adhere to the principle that the agencies that grant certificates of food safety knowledge shall grant such certificates.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee; the directors of the provincial/municipal Services of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs, Justice and Finance
questioning,
Working with hotels on room rates, service charges to coordinate with the Department of Culture and Sports.
Conversion from land for cultivation of rice to land for cultivation of shallow crops in winter-spring, summer-autumn and autumn-winter crops according to annual production plans of districts, towns and cities (localities).
For each locality, the new contents to improve the quality of the movement go into life or not, not starting from the grassroots, from the initiative and voluntariness of the people.
With the money, rice collected from the above models, the chapter has helped 5 members of the women in difficulty in the chapter to borrow to invest in production.
Protective
It is known that by the end of 2019, the rate of poor households in the district decreased by 6.34% compared to the previous year.
Fully and comprehensively aware of the contents of the Action Program No. 22-CTr/TU and Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW during the implementation of the Plan.
Policies on support for development of trade villages and traditional trade villages
licking,
crabs
(road) turn 
The following article by Xuan Dung noted the care and construction of houses for social policy beneficiaries in the district.
Here's the machete.
Organize 65 patrols to control key forest areas, thereby detecting 6 violations, including one illegal deforestation, causing damage to 848m2 of production forests in Vinh Hoa commune forest area.
Political and social stability, national defense, security and social order and safety are maintained.
On the occasion of the 74th anniversary of the August Revolution and the National Day of September 2nd, on the afternoon of August 27, Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu, Chairman of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee of Vietnam Fatherland Front visited and presented 10 gifts to policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh district.
purple,
If the plant is infected early, severe, the vein turns brown and dark brown, the plant dies early. If the plant is mildly infected or late in infection, although the plant does not die, but by the time of harvesting, the top of the plant dies dry, the shoots grow in clusters, umbrella-shaped, small and few tubercles. 
I can't...
On the afternoon of October 30, the Continuing Education Center of Vinh Thanh district held the closing ceremony of the training course on “Livestock Breeding and Disease Prevention and Treatment for Chickens in 2019"
Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu, Member of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee, visited and presented gifts to policy families in Vinh Thanh district.
Like, when I'm free, I'll definitely follow you once in a while.
A meeting for recognition of a traditional profession, trade village or traditional trade village must be attended by at least 8/10 Council members.
Organizations and individuals involved in the management of trade villages and rural trades.
New Year's Eve
These days, Thanh Tuan Co., Ltd. is completing the last stages of repair, upgrading and expansion of DT 637 route from km 58 to km 62 with a total investment of over 9 billion VND.
DTTS
rush in,
Taking place from August 8, 2019 to August 11, 2019 in Quy Nhon City and districts and towns in the province. 
Good breeding
To intensify the quarantine of animals transported at their original places before the provincial quarantine is granted.
voices,
Invested capital
The prevention and combat of economic, drug and environmental crimes have been enhanced and implemented with satisfactory results.
Those who defected to the army, those who stayed were revolutionary establishments, wholeheartedly supported, helped the resistance,
ashley,
Smooth
For projects for which decisions on approval have been issued and adequate capital has been allocated:
tomorrow,
How often,
Funding source: VND 90,000,000 (ninety million dong) for implementation of the Strategy on ethnic minorities work through 2020 (under the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province's Decision No. 4545/QD- UBND dated December 12,2016 on allocation of state budget estimates in 2017.
The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development shall take charge and cooperate with relevant departments in advising the People's Committee of the province.
bow bow
throttle
According to the report of the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district, over the past time, the attention and direction of the Party Committee, the government from the district to the grassroots, especially under the leadership of the Standing Committee of the District Party Committee,
hanging 
Protect lives and property for more than 1,200 households during the rainy season;
gong,
In addition, the district Women's Unions at all levels continue to renew the contents and modes of operation, focusing on the grassroots, paying special attention to ethnic minority areas.
Participating in the group, farmers will be supported by the safe vegetable project in Binh Dinh province in training, technical guidance on the production of vegetables, certification of VietGAP standards, support to connect with the product consumption market.
when will,
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 157/2007/QD-TTg dated September 27,2007.
With the spirit of voluntarily donating soil and trees and contributing to the workday of road workers of members, farmers of Vinh Thanh district have become a movement that has a strong spread to the awareness and action of people throughout the district.
Participating in this model, every week households in the Village participate in sweeping and collecting waste in accordance with regulations, ensuring general sanitation of the self-governing road section.
flattened
Vinh Thanh District has issued a Decision on approving the list of poor households and near poor households in 2019 in the district. 
In Vinh Kim Commune will also organize sales at 4 points including: Village K6; Village 05 and Kon Tru; Village 03 and DakTra; Village 02.
Time of implementation: In 2020.
Talking with us about the change of his hometown, the eyes of Mr. Nguyen Van Thu, the old villager of Kob Tờ Lok, Vinh Thinh commune sparkle with joy: My village is a village quite a long time ago.
Attending and chairing the meeting were Mr. Le Van Dau – Chairman of District People's Committee; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao – Vice Chairman of District People's Committee.
Tops, axillary shoots and branches: To slow down the growth of the plant, concentrate nutrients to feed the stems and leaves, tops, axillary shoots and branches should be pruned.
Exam time: 180 minutes. 
Department of Tourism
Stop violence, cultivate love 
Actively mobilize children and grandchildren to study, work and strive to rise in life, contributing to building a more prosperous and civilized homeland.
there's a...
At the conference, delegates were listened to the election plan, the decision on establishment of the Steering Committee for Election of Village Chiefs headed by the Chairman of the commune People's Committee, assigned members of the Steering Committee to take charge of 7 villages, the decision on establishment of the Election Teams in the villages.
voices,
There are many bright examples and precious nuclei that need to be replicated in localities throughout the district, helping to step up the movement of learning inside and outside schools, contributing to maintaining the achievements of universalization of preschool education for children aged 5 years, universalization of primary education for children of eligible age and secondary education.
To implement the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized urban area", the Associations at all levels have mobilized people to participate in building cultured families, building cultured villages and hamlets, with 100% of farmer households achieving the title of cultured family.
cheering,
grow up,
The remaining fund (up to 40%) shall be contributed by farmers.
Director of Vinh Thanh district Protective Forest Management Board and heads of relevant agencies and units shall implement this Decision from the date of signing./.
To organize a provincial traditional martial arts tournament for students at all levels.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned provincial-level Departments and branches in, formulating annual plans on state budget funds, and act as focal points in exploiting domestic and foreign funds (if any) for entrusted provision of agricultural and rural loans through credit institutions.
Article 4. Price subsidies for cultivars of shallow crops on paddy land
always,
If you are diligent and hardworking, you will get more rice."
At the same time, to fully participate in conferences on law dissemination and education in ethnic minority villages in the district.
At the same time, the district also opens short-term vocational training classes, organizes training to improve knowledge of cultivation and husbandry, guides people to apply scientific and technical advances to production, gradually eradicating hunger and effectively escaping poverty.
If the chicken dies, it must be burned and buried in the ground. 
Support Conditions: 
If the construction is not completed, a plan for ensuring the safety of the construction works in case of floods and storms must be made.
Ms. Tran Thi Thuy Nga, Deputy Head of Organization and Personnel Department, Department of Education and Training
In some localities, the authorities are mobilizing people to build household-scale garbage treatment tanks.
And above all, to set a good example in the mass media for localities that have well done the work of labor export and families with people working abroad, bringing about high economic efficiency.
In the dry season, the river dries up, revealing black slates lying in the middle of the river. Among them is a slate inscribed with an ancient inscription that has not been translated to date. The Barnabas call it the Horbian stone and they have a legend about this stone.
In the memory of old villagers such as Gia Thu in Vinh Thinh, bok Kien in Vinh Thanh town, bok Ka in Ta Diek village (Vinh Hao Commune)... the debauchery scene of mountainous villages in Vinh Thanh after the bombings of warplanes hitting the village in 1953 - 1954 of the last century remained intact.
To inspect and supervise the implementation of the Program; to organize preliminary and final reviews of the implementation of the Program.
Sliding
As a representative of the factions and in danger of being lost
from where,
squirrel
To date, the total outstanding debt managed by the District Women's Union is over VND 106 billion with 50 savings groups borrowing capital, 2, 238 member households borrowing capital to invest in production and business.
Duration of vaccination against FMD in cattle and swine: (Phase I: From March 01, 2016 to March 31, 2016 and Phase II: From September 01, 2016 to September 30, 2016).
Pupils and students meeting with difficulties shall be provided with loans by the State to pay rents.
The season had come, and today the Ba went down to the market to buy another machete.
- The attached professional organizations,
Denouncing abuse of women and girls,
Technical process of planting rose algae grapes and cự phong grapes in accordance with the natural conditions of Cao Bằng province
What are you going to do this morning?
- Labor and employment;
Just a little while longer.
Flower and incense offering ceremony: 
Besides, the district People's Committee also directs the functional sector to promote the transfer of technical advances to farmers, guides people to choose appropriate plants and animals.
This Decision takes effect 10 days after its signing and replaces the provincial People's Committee's Decision No. 37/2007/QD-UBND of October 31,2007.
squirting
Wheat straw
In the past year, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh District Public Security has focused on leading and directing the performance of outstanding tasks and achieved many outstanding results.
The interdisciplinary COVID-19 control checkpoint was established in Go Lei, with the Health, Military and Traffic Police forces to control people and vehicles entering and leaving Vinh Thanh District by road.
Picked up at the boarding school by the head teacher, showing her where to stay and guiding the new school rules, Hang became more confident and happy in the new learning environment.
the bridge
On behalf of the Standing Board of the district People's Council, Chairman of the district People's Council Dinh Dinh delivered the opening speech of the session.
To properly mobilize ethnic minority children to attend schools at the right age, and mobilize the number of dropouts to return to schools.
and written guidance of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development. 
The Department of Finance shall cooperate with the advisory delegation of the People's Committee of the province in allocating funding from the provincial budget to implement the Scheme for establishment of the provincial Children's Council.
towels
In which:
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015 
the button,
Currently, the weather situation is gradually transitioning to the rainy season, cold and flood conditions can occur at any time, complicated weather conditions will adversely affect the growth and development of livestock and poultry flocks and are the causes of epidemics.
Responsible to the Director and jointly responsible to the law for the fields of work assigned or authorized.
To organize practical activities systematically, methodically, linked to create high efficiency
By 2040 increase the land fund for development of renewable energy to 995 ha, occupying 7% of the area. 
bulge,
Implementing advisory agencies: Department of Education and Training (for schools of the national education system), Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs (for vocational education institutions), Department of Justice.
In 2009, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir began to form with the model of raising pink basking fish in cages carried out by the Department of Fisheries of Binh Dinh province.
Other suitable practical activities programs. 
fly,
the pants
Pursuant to the Resolution No. 21/2019/NQ-HDND dated July 11,2019 of the People's Council of Binh Dinh Province on expenditures on wishing, celebrating and giving gifts to the elderly in Binh Dinh Province;
flashing,
Corn Flakes
Splitting
tail ( hoe )
With the efforts of the local authorities, together with the contribution of the people, the face of rural today is constantly changing, rural transport is concreted, health stations, schools are upgraded spacious people's lives have many changes.
We are,
To organize meetings to consider and approve dossiers of application for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages or traditional trade villages.
mature mature 
Fertilization: Noodles attract a lot of nutrients, so to ensure high yields, it is necessary to fully and symmetrically fertilize NPK; can spray more foliar fertilizer to add trace elements to plants; especially enhance organic fertilization.
Article 1. Establishment of the Steering Committee for implementation of the Scheme
Implementing "learning" and "following" Uncle's example, the unions in the village have also deployed many movements and models or attracted officials and members to participate and achieve many results.
Land area for road expansion 2,286,4m2 including: land for perennial crops 245,8m2, land for annual crops 480,1m2 
Over the years, Vinh Thanh district has enlisted investment capital sources for the target program on clean water and environmental sanitation in rural areas.
Yes, there must be wood for poles, bamboo for walls, floors.
In the old days, heaven and earth were still close together.
Deleted
Persons who fail public employee recruitment examinations may not reserve their examination results for subsequent examinations.
go around,
Myself,
Implementation time: Quarter III/2020 (according to the Central Plan).
In addition, in the past tenure, Vinh Thuan commune also focused on capital construction investment,
- Development orientations and objectives;
a lot of,
The funniest part is the kids.
In which 100% of commune health stations have doctors.
Next time, you don't let your buffalo fight other buffaloes!
To date, the whole district has many models of economic development for high income.
32. A. Ms. Pham Thi Xuan is a member of a household entitled to the regimes and policies towards her relatives who have simple dwelling houses,
Do you plow the fields here?
Nine.
at the.
The activities of the Front and associations in the district have seen many innovations in various forms of gathering, propagating and mobilizing people to well implement the Party's and State's undertakings in various fields.
fighter,
To organize forces close to grassroots areas and key routes, ensuring rural security, economic security and cultural and ideological security.
She said to him,
The projected number of pupils and students by 2015 is 66, 990.
The year,
there's no...
Decision No. 24/2008/QD-UBND dated July 09,2008 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on adjusting and supplementing the entrance fees at some places in the province
The opening ceremony of the new school year at Vinh Thanh Ethnic Minority and High School started with a gong performance to welcome the new school year in order to create a joyful and exciting atmosphere for students who are children of ethnic minorities in the district.
Chief of Office of the Provincial People's Committee, Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Finance, Natural Resources and Environment,
Prepare the Opening Speech of the Festival of the provincial People's Committee leaders. 
The method of gathering and uniting the youth is more innovative, diverse and effective.
evil,
The average weight of fish is 1.8-2 kg/head, the survival rate is over 95%, the commercial fish production is estimated at 250kg.
Especially, the launching of movements on environmentally autonomous residential quarters, residential quarters for crime prevention and combat in association with traffic order and safety, building of a new countryside, etc., has been positively and effectively responded by most inhabitants. To strive for the target that by the end of 2020, the entire district will have 69.5% of villages and hamlets recognized with cultural titles.
The locality with the highest number of laborers participating in overseas employment is Vinh Thinh, Vinh Quang, Vinh Hiep and Vinh Hao communes.
Accordingly, the target of the Resolution of the district People's Council in 2020, the total local product increased by 14.6%, of which agriculture – forestry and fisheries increased by 6.4%; industry – handicrafts increased by 23.4%; trade services and tourism increased by 19.1%: Per capita income of 30.737 million VND / year; total development investment of 161.154 million VND; total budget revenue of 263.597 million VND, of which local budget revenue of 88.720 million VND; strive to reduce the rate of poor households to less than 30%; the rate of malnourished children under 5 years old to less than 10%.
Average weight of fruit beam 351g – 415g, fruit beam Cu Phong currant truffle cone Long cone Pink algae.
Planning Department: 
(water) stagnant 
fall (water) 
Over the past time, the propagation of crime prevention and fighting, ensuring order and security in 9/9 communes and townships in Vinh Thanh district has always been promoted in various forms.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Agriculture and Rural Development Service;
At the same time, they may hire, entrust or set up housing service organizations to manage the operation of students' dormitories.
On November 12, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee issued a plan to propagate the Party congresses of all levels for the 2020 - 2025 term, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party. 
Aggressive
Leaf rollers: Worms are usually concentrated on the top leaves and fluff the edges of the leaves together to live, epidermal worms damage the leaves, affecting the photosynthesis of the plant, reducing productivity.
Through studying and following Uncle, there has been a profound change in the awareness and action of cadres, Party members and people in the village.
Pressed
To coordinate with the provincial-level Culture and Sports Department in conducting visual propaganda in Quy Nhon city;
Brain
hidden,
The landscape from this riverside route will contribute to changing the face of Vinh Thanh town
hatred,
woke up,
Article 2. Provincial People's Committees shall organize the implementation of this Resolution.
Prevention measures: This is a very difficult worm to prevent and eliminate, the most effective is to regularly check the garden for early detection of holes, slit holes kill young worms, catch adult kill by hand when they turn out, cut off dead trees and burn to avoid spreading.
long ago,
To assign leaders and techniques to stand at the foot of localities to guide, inspect and urge the repopulation, biosafe husbandry, epidemic treatment, vaccination and epidemic prevention and combat in localities.
Mr. Boong studied very well.
Mr. Nguyen Cong Son - Deputy Director of Binh Dinh Radio and Television.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in, formulating and adjusting policies for implementation of the Program.
dress up,
According to the statistics of Vinh Hao commune, the rate of poor households is reduced to 41.7%, an average annual decrease of 6.83%.
Besides, the trainees are also supported to breed chickens to build practice models right at home.
Mr. Dinh Drin, deputy of the provincial People's Council, has absorbed the petitions and proposals of voters to submit them to the relevant departments and branches for consideration and settlement and submission to the provincial People's Council in the next session.
Rental rates for student housing: 
Besides, the management and operation of water supply works in rural areas are gradually getting into order.
hanging 
Organizing seminars, art exchanges among students and teachers
Subjects entitled to price subsidy: The specialized units of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development ordering and purchasing seeds from the central agencies (Institutes, Schools, Centers) 
Or it is possible to dissolve nitrogen, potassium with water for irrigation in combination with medium boiling and weeding. 
The Party building and strengthening of the political system from district to grassroots, achieved many positive results.
And you don't even know it.
a dozen,
Limiting the use of plastic bags when going to the market and in daily life; changing the habits of people in regularly using plastic bags to contain food and daily life, using plastic baskets when going to the market, classifying waste, mobilizing women to participate in environmental protection
To launch sanitation and disinfection campaigns to prevent and combat coronavirus and animal epidemics for localities to take the initiative in organizing the implementation.
filling
It is known that laborers in the district are mainly exported to work most in markets such as Japan, Korea and in Taiwan.
ham,
fence back
In addition, the commune People's Committee propagates and mobilizes farmers to regularly exterminate rats from the beginning of the crop with many measures, focusing on caring, preventing and eliminating pests on rice and shallow crops, contributing to successful production of summer crops.
at noon,
- To direct the attached non-business units, the Youth Union and the Team Councils of the districts, provincial towns and cities;
Drop 
To encourage new creations to constitute a practical and profound literary and art creation campaign with priority given to ethnic minority areas.
Ure and Potassium fertilizer mixed with water for irrigation with a depth of 0.3%, the amount of fertilizer 50 - 70 g / plant.
More tells dad: 
Usually paved with wood or bamboo. 
MTQ
ebony
To focus on implementing policies toward ethnic minority people for mutual development and sustainable development.
To support the contracting, tending, management and protection of forests; to support the purchase of vaccines for animal disease prevention and control; to expand poverty reduction models, including the project on expanding the model of raising chickens on biological padding; the project on expanding the model of growing safe vegetables and supporting the maintenance of works.
Evaluate the current situation
show 
Procedures for issuance, reissuance, and revocation of the Certificate of food safety are specified in Article 18 of the Circular No. 45/2014/TT-BNNPTNT;
Gender equality is the key to ending violence against women and girls
The results of the review at the end of 2018, 231 poor households were people with meritorious services to the
You will give 360 gifts to poor households and policy beneficiary families in Vinh Hoa commune, each gift valued at VND 800,000.
In the summer and autumn of 2019, the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vinh Thanh district in cooperation with Mahyco Company organized the implementation of the new rice variety testing model MHC2 on an area of 2.1 hectares in Gní field, Vinh Son highland commune..
Stiff
sour,
Islands
I call you to Kon Blo village to finish the new house.
Request the People's Council of the province to :
Since the early years of resistance against the US, Vinh Thanh is not only the base of Binh Dinh Provincial Party Committee but also the foothold of the Gia Lai Provincial Party Committee, Inter-provincial Party Committee II (including Quang Ngai, Binh Dinh, Phu Yen provinces).
At the same time, to closely coordinate with the army forces stationed in the locality in preparing for dike maintenance work.
Banana Strips
CHQS
As a result, the socio-economic situation of ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district has seen a marked change.
Article 2. Duties and powers of the Chairperson, Vice Chairperson and members of the Provincial Council shall comply with regulations on organization and operation of the Provincial Council.
smiles,
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 102/TTr-SNN dated April 07,2020.
Pham Van Binh, of Vinh Phuc Village, Vinh Hiep Commune, said that this model was implemented by the villagers in agreement, contributing to join hands to protect the green, clean and beautiful environment in the locality.
People in the regions benefit from more secure water from self-flowing water supply works or other domestic water supply projects.
On July 25 and 26, at the hall of the District Political Training Center, the People's Council of Vinh Thanh district held the opening of the 10th meeting of the 11th People's Council of the district, tenure 2016-2021.
tossed out,
region (raised) 
The specialized management sub-departments under the Binh Dinh Agriculture and Rural Development Service, including: Agro-Forestry-Fisheries Quality Assurance; Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Medicine; Crop Production and Plant Protection; Fisheries; Irrigation; Forest Protection.
Mr. Nguyen Van Trung, Deputy Director of Department of Health;
around the
The specialty products are suitable for the ecological and land conditions of the region and have high economic value.
invalid fruit
Breeding source ensures quality, well adapted to the environment and thrives, diseases are rare.
Armor
Funding for operation of the provincial Council includes: Drinking water, photocopying documents, stationery.
Mr. Nguyen Hieu Hoa, Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development;
On this occasion, Vinh Thanh district also had 12 party members who were awarded the 30 - year and 45 - year - old party badges.
Among them, 22 cases in Vinh Thanh town, 15 cases in Vinh Thinh commune, and 10 cases in Vinh Quang commune.
painful,
Meet and praise the collectives and individuals with achievements in gender equality and for the advancement of women.
Along with the joy of teachers and teachers in all parts of the country, the laughter, the bustling footsteps to the school of students and the efforts and belief of teachers and teachers in the highlands of Vinh Thanh district will promise a new school year with many successes.
Mr. Nguyen Minh Hien - Deputy Political Commissar of the provincial Military Command;
Once upon a time, in a village, there was a young man orphaned from childhood, very poor. He used to go to look after the rent for the rich in the area. Once, he went to look after a landlord in the deep forest. Near dark, sitting in the hut, he suddenly heard the elephant roaring with the sound of broken trees cracking teeth nearby. He ran with a knife to see a giant python wrapped around a large elephant. The elephant used its trunk to break the python but it seemed to be still weaker. He rushed in and used a knife to kill the python. The elephant knelt down and said to the boy:
2.135 cows were vaccinated against foot-and-mouth disease, accounting for more than 86% of the total herd at the time of vaccination, and 248 sows and breeding males, accounting for more than 88%.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26, 2003;
Riverbed
squirrel
Besides, the district also has mechanisms and policies to support workers such as vocational training, concessional loans, funding for learning foreign languages and oriented education.
On this occasion, the district People's Committee awarded certificates of merit and rewards worth 200 thousand VND in cash to 74 students with high achievements in the 2019 University entrance exam.
Currently, the rate of poor households accounts for 44.33%. Most of the poor households in Vinh Thanh have no stable jobs, lack knowledge about farming and animal husbandry.
cages (buffalo) 
barren land,
In particular, in implementation of Decision 134 and Program 30a of the Government, up to now, nearly 700 poor households and households under difficult policies have been supported to build houses, including 298 ethnic minority households.
know how to,
whispering,
To step up and consolidate the building of clean and strong grassroots Party organizations, raise the leadership capacity and combat strength of grassroots Party organizations
absences
The economic structure shifted in a positive direction, the proportion of agriculture-forestry-fishery accounted for 59.9%; trade and services accounted for 39.7%; cottage industry accounted for 0.4%; per capita income reached 15.3 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households decreased by 5.2% annually on average.
tree branches 
we - from three or more people 
With the spirit of "anti-epidemic as anti-war", each officer and soldier is an active propagandist on the Covid-19 prevention and control front.
dearly,
Through scientific and technical transfer activities, farmers have improved their knowledge and qualifications in new sciences and technologies applied in cultivation and husbandry with high efficiency, contributing to increasing productivity and product quality and building brands for products, significantly contributing to the economic growth of the district.
Accordingly, the commune People's Council focuses on supervising the following contents: Law enforcement, ensuring national defense and security, preparation for the new school year... 
In furtherance of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 2085, district People's Committees have directed the review and support of residential land, production land and daily-life water for poor ethnic minority households and poor households in communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties; approved the list of households receiving daily-life water support for 74 poor ethnic minority households and poor households of Kinh people with an amount of VND 111 million.
In addition, the district police has organized propaganda and education about traffic safety law in villages and hamlets in the district, with 950 participants.
Where did you get your notebook and pen?
Good, good.
The life cycle of the pollen beetle is about 45-53 days. Pests appear and cause common harm from June to August, especially at the stage when the plant has many young shoots. 
Expenditures for the secondary school: 62,653 billion VND, including 9,200 billion VND in tuition fees and 53, 453 billion VND from the state budget.
Visit Hanoi Capital
The life of the majority of people here still has a lot of difficulties, especially ethnic minorities.
Where's Uncle Qing going so soon?
Regarding the risk support regime in vaccination for livestock breeders shall comply with the document No. 1163/UBND-KTN dated 28/02/2014 of the provincial People's Committee on the support mechanism for livestock breeders with cattle and poultry occurring risks due to vaccination and epidemics.
The assignment of forest care, management and protection in the first 6 months of the year in the district continues to be implemented as planned, so far the assigned forest area is 25, 853 hectares, achieving 100% of the plan.
At the end of the program, there was an article recording Changes in reproductive health care in Vinh Kim commune.
Decision on the issuance of the Plan for implementation of the Action Program No. 22-Tr/TU dated July 29, 2019 of the Party Committee to implement the Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW dated October 22, 2018 of the 12th Party Central Committee on the Strategy for sustainable development of Vietnam's marine economy through 2030, with a vision toward 2045 
With Mr. Ho Xuan Anh - Secretary of the district Party Committee; Mr. Dinh Drin - Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee; Mr. Le Van Dau - Chairman of the district People's Committee.
In particular, Binh Dinh Petroleum Company supported 50 million VND, the People's Procuracy of Vinh Thanh district supported 10 million VND, the rest of the family added.
In addition, Vinh Quang Commune has also propagated to livestock households to regularly carry out livestock environmental sanitation, spraying antidotes, disinfecting breeding facilities, contributing to preventing epidemics occurring on livestock and poultry flocks.
In order to proactively organize the application of measures to prevent and combat hunger, cold and epidemics for livestock herds in the rainy and stormy seasons, minimizing possible damage, localities should step up the propagation, mobilization and guidance for livestock breeders to actively apply measures to prevent and combat hunger, cold and epidemics for livestock herds, ensuring their suitability to local conditions in the rainy and stormy seasons; to bring buffaloes and cows to be kept at home in case of prolonged rain and cold, especially in Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes.
The association promotes study promotion activities, talent promotion, helping poor people overcome difficulties to study well, associated with the movement "Build friendly schools, active students" and the two-zero campaign of the education sector.
Article 1. Clause 3 Article 8 of the policy on support for linkage in production and consumption of agricultural products in Binh Dinh province during 2019 - 2025 enclosed with the Decision No. 38/2019/QD-UBND dated July 19,2019 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province is added as follows:
Harvesting and preserving directly affect the quality and value of seed and fruit products. Therefore, it requires proper harvesting techniques, timeliness and good preservation to maintain the maximum quality of the product.
Despite efforts in production development, poverty reduction and social security, Vinh Kim commune has not yet achieved income and poor household criteria; the average per capita income of people is still less than 12 million VND.
In 2019, from the capital sources of the national target programs in Vinh Kim commune, trees and breeds were purchased, training in farming techniques, guiding farmers in the commune to implement many new production models with high economic efficiency, in order to increase household economic incomes, contributing to sustainable poverty reduction.
Thematic meetings (may invite experts on the same fields to meet). 
horizon
In order to improve the efficiency of fish farming in the locality, Vinh Thanh district will continue to re-plan the cage fish farming, fish farming in small ponds, suitable lakes.
What's the name?
kitchen ash
Set Settings
Capital for the development of specialty products.
To eradicate the thieves, the rangers alone can not do it.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 3195/QD-BTP dated December 30,2019 of the Minister of Justice;
Department of Education and Training updates the plan for prevention and control of cyberattacks in 2020, ensuring the safety of students and teachers
At least 10 days after the date of completion of marking
To properly inspect and supervise the production and trading of plant varieties, agricultural supplies, fertilizers, plant protection drugs, animal feeds, veterinary drugs and aquatic products.
After 3 - 4 litters see thin wooden wings, babies stop watering 2 - 3 weeks to dry the wood and then take care of it as at the beginning of the truss.
- Contents and forms of recruitment examination;
On the first day of entering Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for Early Childhood Education, Dinh Thi Thuy Hang, in Klot Pok village, Vinh Thanh town was quite surprised.
Political organizations and social organizations shall formulate an activity program on "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day".
Implementation time: The whole year according to the Plan and guidance of the Central Government (peak from November 01 to November 09, 2020).
Mr. Bui Minh Van - Deputy Director of Thanh Tuan Co., Ltd., Vinh Thanh District
Construction cost: Refer to the investment rate of works construction by the Ministry of Construction 
The deputy directors of the Relic Management Board shall be appointed and dismissed by the director of the provincial / municipal Culture, Sports and Tourism Service at the proposal of the director of the Relic Management Board.
Pest prevention and foliar fertilizer spraying for citrus fruit trees in each period
remember,
To coordinate with concerned agencies in implementing this Plan, specifically:
Well, you'll have to study.
about five days,
It is known that all the money will be transferred to the Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control of Vinh Thanh District to carry out the prevention and control of the epidemic in the area.
Besides, to make the best use of central investment and increase capital mobilization from local budgets; to actively mobilize contributions of enterprises and the participation of the community in socialization.
In 2019, population officers and collaborators have coordinated to propagate 12 sessions on population-family planning, child marriage and close-related marriage, with more than 300 participants; providing many contraceptive service packages for women in the area of childbirth.
It is known that the project will support 13,650 breeding eels with a weight of about 5g/head (200 head/kg), which will be implemented in 07 villages in Vinh Thinh commune, including: An Phuoc, Vinh Dinh, Vinh Thai, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Binh, Vinh Truong, An Noi with a total cost of 310,852,000 VND.
because... so... 
Regarding the announcement of administrative procedures to be replaced in the field of Agriculture and Rural Development under the management of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
The families of these subjects shall contribute 50% of the funding according to the milk buying prices.
For ethnic minority people: To support 100% of prices of terrestrial plant varieties.
centipedes
Pursuant to the Circular No. 03/2014/TT-BTTTT dated March 11,2014 of the Ministry of Information and Communications.
In the past 5 years, Vinh Thuan Commune has deployed the construction of 27 works for production and people's life, with a total investment of nearly 13 billion VND.
After two days of implementation, gynecological examinations were conducted for 55 people, an increase of 30 people compared to the plan; contraceptive measures were provided for 5 people; hysteroscopy was performed for 50 people; cervical cancer screening was performed for 50 people and counseling was organized for many ethnic minority women in the area of childbirth in the commune.
fluent,
The cuttings must be free of pests and have 3 to 4 segments (eyes), with 3 – 4 leaves, about 20 – 30cm long.
Along with medical examination and treatment and prevention, health communication and education activities are always integrated with health programs, so from the beginning of the year, no epidemic has occurred in the commune.
edge,
It was almost seven in the evening, and the village was bustling with people.
Mr. Dang Van Ai - Deputy Director of the Department of Transport;
Article 4.-Tasks and powers of the Council
Urgent requests
For martial arts studios serving visitors, it is necessary to build a permanent performing team, with high qualifications to meet the requirements of the tour.
Decision No. 2140 / QD-UBND dated June 23, 2016 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on approving the adjusted and supplemented master plan on tourism development of Binh Dinh province through 2020, with a vision toward 2030.
dry,
Adjustable Range
Electricity supply, water supply, drainage and wastewater treatment works.
The Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council shall work with the Children's Council.
Atrial woodworm is commonly known as atrial woodworm, feline fungus; scientific name: Auricularia polytricha; belonging to the family: Atrial woodworm Auriculariaceae. 
For the fourth consecutive year, the district economy has maintained its growth rate.
Since then, people have more confidence in the guidelines and policies of the Party and the State, peace of mind for socio-economic development in the locality.
In particular, you ask and remind local authorities and people to strengthen and enhance the spirit of prevention and control of the Covid-19 epidemic, which is developing complicatedly today.
Organizing contests and seminars on culture, economy, security and defense for all subjects, focusing on youth, teenagers and ethnic minority people
cheering,
to help,
In 2019, the Organization Board of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has well advised the Standing Committee of the District Party Committee to lead and direct the implementation of targets and tasks in the fields of work such as:
Preservation and storage of genetic resources
At breeding facilities and craft villages in the district, untreated wastewater still discharges into the environment, causing pollution not only in residential areas but also affecting the surrounding areas.
To step up the dissemination, propagation and education of the law on gender equality and violence prevention and control
Cashew has been grown in Vietnam since the 18th century, but for a long time was not considered an agricultural plant, only sporadically grown for the purpose of windbreaking and forestry trees to green bare land bare hills due to drought-resistant properties, adapted to bad soil.
In order to implement the Scheme on support for start-up women, in 2019, district Women's Unions at all levels provided support for 15 poor women in various forms with a total amount of VND 10.5 million.
Get to know 
Candidates for recruitment to work as public employees in ethnic minority areas must be ethnic minority people or possess ethnic minority language certificates recognized by competent authorities.
Big Trap
The places where forest robbers often look to exploit timber are the forests bordering Vinh Thanh district and An Lao, Hoai An and An Khe districts, then hide them in the forests. When conditions permit, automobiles and motorbikes shall be used to transport timber downstream for consumption.
Up to now, there have been 30 farmers in Vinh Hao commune participating in the number of 30 rafts, each with 10 farming cells.
Including the following contents: Road to the furnace: 5m wide, 800m long in which the roadbed is 3m wide cement concrete
pilots,
the,
likes,
Due to the proactive implementation of epidemic prevention and control, the herd of cattle and poultry in Vinh Thanh district always develops stably, for many years without epidemic occurrence.
By investment capital sources of programs and projects
The remaining policy families, you authorized leaders of Vinh Thanh district to visit and give gifts.
Trung taâm pôjing cham pôlei mieân trung ñông Tröông Ñai hok noâng – laâm Hueâ pôtho khan kô kach pôtaêm hla nhem an toan lôm xa Vinh Sôn 
who,
caught on a grid
Or the subjects specified in the Joint Circular No. 29/2010/TTLT-BGDDT-BTC-BLDTBXH dated November 15,2010.
The above activities and events are organized in the year with the theme of the year and suitable for the group of issues and major issues 3 years, 5 years.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 03/2014/TT-BTTTT dated March 11,2014 of the Ministry of Information and Communications.
Now that the house has been degraded, supported by the state of VND 40 million, Mr. Truong and his wife borrowed more to rebuild the new house more spacious.
In which, there are many targets achieved and exceeded the Resolution's objectives.
So, let's see.
The district has directed the education and training sector to coordinate with departments, branches and mass organizations in building a network of schools and classrooms in ethnic minority and mountainous areas meeting with exceptional difficulties, properly implementing ethnic minority education in order to raise people's intellectual standards and train human resources in ethnic minority and mountainous areas.
To preliminarily review and widely apply new, creative and effective models and methods of PBGDPL, grassroots conciliation and building of communes up to the standards of law access;
Branding high quality beef and beef cattle on 2 breeds: Red Angus and BBB.
The efficiency of the hybrid rice production program in difficulty-hit areas will not only meet food demands in deep-lying, remote and ethnic minority areas but also contribute to increasing agricultural production efficiency and farmers' incomes in a sustainable manner.
I have to watch the house.
To coordinate with the concerned agencies in preparing contents in service of the operation programs of the Children Councils.
In the last 3 months of 2019, district-level forest ranger offices shall continue directing local forest rangers to cooperate with forest protection forces in communes and forest owners in speeding up inspection, review and determination of boundaries between fields and forests, drawing boundary diagrams and requesting field owners to sign commitments not to encroach on forests.
On the afternoon of September 30, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a conference to review the work of the 2019 Census and Housing.
Fully loaded
To raise the responsibility of citizens to study law by themselves in association with the education of political ideology and lifestyle ethics of cadres, civil servants and Party members
General objectives 
Annually, after receiving the targets assigned by the superior association, she deploys and guides the chapters to:
Convenient transportation will open up opportunities for people in this highland commune to trade in goods, develop production and improve living standards.
Survey contents: Socio-economic and housing conditions; economic, social security, cultural, medical and educational conditions of communes, wards and townships in regions I, II and III and communes, wards and townships outside these regions but in ethnic minority areas.
In recent years, the district has given priority to projects in service of production and social welfare such as irrigation, transport, clean water and socio-cultural activities.
Caterpillar (Long-headed Chalk Beetle) 
Department of Finance
(do) follow 
harmful
Quick, quick.
Especially, there are areas of relatives who comply with the hybrid rice intensive farming process and have achieved yields of up to 80 tons/ha, no different from downstream areas.
Nguyen Tuyen So, a small trader in Vinh Thanh town, is a small trader,
young women,
Thereby, to help poor households and ethnic minority households in Vinh Thanh district step by step overcome difficulties, actively develop the economy, to improve living standards.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Education and Training 
This is the attention and recognition of the Party for the process of training, striving and dedication and sacrifice of the Party members to the glorious revolutionary cause of the Party and the nation.
At the end of the contest, the Organizing Committee awarded the first prize to the 6A2 class team for brocade weaving in the middle school, the second prize to the 9A1 class team and the third prize to the 6A1 class; high school: the first prize was awarded to the 12A class team, the second prize to the 11A1 class and the third prize was awarded to the 10A1 class;
Establish and strengthen environmental monitoring and warning systems and proactive epidemic prevention systems for concentrated aquaculture areas.
kissing,
Using herbs in feed and drinking water to create antibacterial, antioxidant, stimulate immune function, increase resistance and limit the use of antibiotics in livestock.
Through the training course, trainees are equipped with knowledge about the principles and methods of formulating and perfecting operation regulations; Steps of making production plans; Operation plans of teams and groups; In which, focusing on the formulation of production plans of team members in association with product sale plans.
On the afternoon of January 16, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a ceremony to award Party badges to 20 Party members of the district Party Committee.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with agencies, units and localities in, advising on and seriously and effectively implementing this Plan.
Vinh Hiep War Veterans Association has more than 100 members, operating in 7 chapters in the commune.
No Interest
Boat
Livestock species (cattle, poultry, aquatic); 
Price subsidy for shallow cultivars produced on rice land: VND 26, 750 million, accounting for 54.5%;
The People's Committees have well implemented the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws, especially stepping up the implementation of learning and following the example of Uncle
Heavy rains and winds knocked down five hectares of crops.
Residence inspection for the number of workers working in Ta Suc industrial cluster, thereby detecting and administratively handling one case of non-compliance with regulations on stay notification, a fine of VND 200,000; guiding the registration of extension of temporary residence for 10 cases.
The name...
Binh Dinh is a province in the South Central Coast region.
CCBs
Education and orientation for youth through advanced examples, good people, good deeds and typical individuals are strengthened.
Over the past time, Dinh Tam rural residential area officials and people have joined together in well implementing the contents of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", the campaign "Day for the poor", "Gratitude to the people", etc. The people have well observed the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws.
Capital for the development of livestock;
Pipe Tube
However, for areas at risk of water shortage, the locality can direct sowing 5 to 10 days earlier.
uncle,
To incorporate drowning prevention and control contents into education programs in schools, especially intensive implementation of swimming teaching activities and drowning prevention and control skills.
In the evening, the young men and women lit fires.
Previously, leaders of the district police also went to the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district to hand over the amount of VND8 million and 12 bottles of antiseptic hand sanitizer.
After sowing 20 days, fertilizing combined with weeding, digging, rooting. After heavy rain, it is necessary to drain water in time, sunny, watering about 2 times a week. 
Finish 3: When the corn is 10-11 leaves, fertilize with the amount of 140-150 kg of urea nitrogen + 60-70 kg of potassium chloride, combined with watering, weeding and raising to limit falling.
It is the most important document on children's human rights in the international legal system on human rights.
Commune-level People's Councils should further raise their responsibilities in supervisory activities, closely follow the reality and opinions of voters, and base themselves on law provisions to make specific and clear proposals as a basis for urging the settlement in order to step by step raise the effectiveness and efficiency of the operation of commune-level People's Councils.
In the evening, the elderly in the village read “Giang" prayers, praying for rain and wind, many grains and not sick and diseased, in the voice of the powerful gong. They stabbed the buffalo and cut off its head to hang on the main pole, dividing the buffalo meat for everyone to eat. The whole village drank wine, ate the buffalo meat and danced. In the evening, young men and women lit a fire. The buffalo stabbing festival lasted three days and three nights to end.
lying,
To mobilize farmers to donate thousands of square meters of land, tens of millions of dong, thousands of working days, to participate in the dismantlement of fence works, to cut down perennial trees to build infrastructure and cultural institutions.
The traffic service teams shall regularly organize the propagation of the observance of the Law on Traffic Safety, Urban Order and Civilization by people; increase the incentives for inspection and handling of 1,131 violations with fines of over VND 336 million.
The soil is plowed early, left for 20 – 30 days then pounded, picked up weeds, impurities. 
The Association also propagates deeply and widely to each woman's campaign "Build a clean 5 no, 3 family" in many forms such as: Talks, thematic talks, art exchanges... thereby the women's members responded positively, initially obtaining encouraging results.
Mommy, what are we going to do today after school?
This is an activity aimed at raising awareness for the people to participate in building and developing the culture of ethnic minorities; protecting and promoting the fine traditional cultural values in the locality.
Low Breathable
At the ceremony, the police of Vinh Thanh district announced and handed over the Decision to transfer 7 regular police officers of the district police to be transferred to assume the titles of Chief, Deputy Chief and Police officers in Vinh Son and Vinh Thuan communes..
pcs (projection) 
share,
To enjoy investment incentives under the Prime Minister's Decision No. 65/2009/QD-TTg of April 24,2009.
Large trees should be fertilized according to the projection perimeter of the outer edge of the canopy. Before fertilizing, it is recommended to mix Urea fertilizer with Potassium fertilizer to fertilize, phosphate fertilizer should be fertilized separately.
People's Council of Binh Dinh Province
With many positive activities in implementing the "5 no, 3 clean" model, the Women's Union of Vinh Hao commune has obtained many exciting results.
The total fund of the entire association reaches over VND 138 million, allowing members in difficult circumstances to borrow capital for investment in production development.
whistle
to ask,
Currently, the schools have only solved about 14% of the demand for accommodation, the rest rent houses in residential areas built by people themselves in unguaranteed living conditions.
There are many members participating in the emulation movement to follow Uncle Thrift to help each other reduce poverty sustainably with the amount of nearly 30 million VND
Up to now, the offices of district People's Committees and 100% of communes and townships have implemented the "one - stop shop" and "interlinked one - stop shop" mechanisms, which specify the types of work to be handled at the district and commune levels.
Granting costumes and weapons to performers.
coldness,
Over the past years, the Peasants Associations at all levels in the districts have well carried out the propagation and mobilization of their members to carry out the movement to build a new countryside; participated in such activities as: Deployment of the "Rural environmental sanitation associated with building a new countryside".
To implement policies to support poor ethnic minority women in giving birth in accordance with the population policy under the Government's Decree No. 39.
black sucking
Oai...
also,
There are times when many martial arts studios do not have people to practice.
Besides, the Association also mobilizes its members to participate in training courses on transfer of scientific and technological advances in cultivation and husbandry; measures to prevent and combat epidemics for livestock herds... organized by branches and levels.
squirrel
The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, directors of provincial / municipal Education and Training Services, heads of concerned agencies and members named in Article 1 shall implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
The Office of Education and Training, the Office of Health, the Health Center of the district, and the People's Committees of communes and towns should cooperate in regularly inspecting and supervising the implementation of Covid-19 prevention and control measures at educational institutions; resolutely handle and consider imposing penalties for failure to strictly and adequately comply with directions.
Besides, the Association has also coordinated with the Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development of the district to establish 8 groups of loans managed by the Association for over 79 farmers to borrow over 6 billion VND, reaching 121,12% of the target assigned.
In response to the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city" in 2019, the whole district had 9,467/9,467 households registered for cultured families; 59/59 residential areas registered to build cultural residential areas, achieving 100%.
Representative of teachers as the General Team Leader: 01 person; 
The work of propagation and education is carried out regularly in various forms, deeply and widely to the grassroots.
At the request of the Department of Natural Resources and Environment in Report No. 94/TTr-STNMT dated February 14,2020 
Spring pruning: To be conducted in mid-January to mid-March every year: Cut off poor-quality spring branches, diseased branches, cluttered branches in the canopy, small, thick, deformed inflorescences. 
Tonight in Kon Đruch there was a ball. The children were very happy. Everyone's eyes lit up. Near seven in the evening, the village was bustling with people. Calls to one another. Torches flashed in the neighboring villages. Groups of young people walked and laughed happily. The funniest was the children. Some came from the early evening, swept the front of the house with broomsticks. Some brought toilet seats. The older of us played chasing each other around the yard.
wishes,
Get firewood.
To date, 100% of communes and townships have motorways to commune centers, inter-commune roads are concreted and asphalted up to standards; 100% of communes have adequate schools and classrooms; there are boarding schools for students in places far from schools such as Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes; 99.2% of households use electricity for daily life; 9/9 communes and townships meet national health standards.
Over the past time, the Women's Union at all levels in Vinh Thanh district has promoted the propagation and mobilization of its members to effectively implement thrift models to help each other develop economy, eradicate hunger and reduce poverty, build prosperous and happy families, build rich and beautiful villages.
In order to effectively carry out the work of hunger elimination and poverty alleviation at grassroots level, over the past years, the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh district has directed the associations at all levels to promote the spirit of mutual support and assistance and widely apply effective economic models.
Fine, if you're not lying.
On this occasion, Vinh Hao commune gave 3 gifts to 3 disadvantaged households, each worth VND300,000.
About.
Pursuant to the Law on organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Guys, you guys...
On the 90th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of Vietnam (3.2.1930-3.2.2020) 
Absolutely do not eat livestock and poultry of unknown origin, diseased, dead and not under veterinary control.
We hereby request the Vietnam Traditional Martial Arts Federation and the Vietnam Traditional Martial Arts World Federation to:
touching,
Hoay said: "At first, making hybrid rice was also afraid because of the difficulty of caring, but when guided by technical staff, I found that making hybrid rice is not so different from the rice of my relatives before.
The expenditure shall be deducted from the funding for activities of mass physical training and sports movements allocated by the budget to the provincial / municipal Services of Culture, Sports and Tourism annually.
For district roads completely damaged road surface: cement use norm of 440 tons/1km.
Is it a cleft?
Up to now, there have been 4,489 times of poor households, near-poor households and social policy beneficiaries have borrowed capital from the District Social Policy Bank.
At the same time, each household will be provided with funds for building garbage pits at their homes; and supports for flower varieties and green trees to be planted along main roads in villages.
Package
the bat,
The object.
Having the opportunity to interact with many students due to her role as Deputy Secretary of the School Union, Ms. Ha always learns, shares and encourages them in learning as well as in daily activities.
was born,
(Promulgated together with the Decision No. 2240/QD-CTUBND dated October 05,2011 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee)
The budgets of the districts, provincial capitals and cities shall provide funding support for the vaccination teams, the inspection and supervision teams and other organizational work in order to well serve the work of vaccination and epidemic prevention and combat in their respective localities.
humming,
Engraving
chin chin
Enhancement of forest management and protection, management of aquatic resources and irrigation works
Thanks to being trained in the necessary skills, and being local, the population collaborators are easily accessible to the people, trusted by the people, thereby having appropriate and effective propagation ways.
for,
Nymph
To step up socialization by mobilizing the assistance of communities and inhabitants in their places of residence to support families of people with meritorious services to the revolution who meet with difficulties to escape poverty.
Bending
Propagation work
wrinkled,
starts,
Accordingly, the rice support levels are allocated to the following communes: Vinh Thuan commune is allocated 14, 580 kg of rice; Vinh Hoa commune 19, 095 kg; Vinh Hao commune 1, 140 kg; Vinh Son commune 21, 780 kg and Vinh Kim commune 3, 540 kg.
Organizing many activities to support women to escape poverty and get rich, actively contributing to hunger eradication and poverty alleviation in the locality.
waving (hand) 
Clamshells
cranked
one time,
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 619/QD-TTg dated May 08,2017;
- To work out plans on reception and arrangement of accommodations for central, provincial and municipal delegates to attend the festival.
Before the school year, the school has implemented many measures to propagate and mobilize students to return to school after the summer holidays to ensure the number of students.
fingered,
This morning, August 8th, Bioseed Vietnam Co., Ltd visited and donated a set of amusement equipment including swing chairs, seesaw bridges... worth VND 12 million to Vinh Son Commune Kindergarten.
New Year's Eve
Okay, how about...
(Funds for the operation of the Steering Committee and the Working Group for appraisal of fishermen's dossiers of application for supports) and central budget supports,
Location: At the Temple of Heaven, Quang Trung Emperor's Monument and Tay Son Tam Kiet Temple, Quang Trung Museum (Tay Son District).
To promote the movement of practicing and performing this type of art in schools and participating in cultural and artistic activities in the locality.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015 
Do you eat rice?
clutch 
What wooden columns are usually made of? 
Works and projects on change of land use purposes on less than 20 hectares of protection forest land: 31 projects in total, covering an area of 215.73 hectares;
The organizers presented gifts and medals to the delegations.
close-up
the gong,
The Steering Committee
On the principle of only fully calculating the costs of management, operation and maintenance (excluding depreciation costs).
a daughter,
The life of ethnic minority people has been changed in both quantity and quality, the intellectual level has been significantly improved.
Along with the effective implementation of these programs and projects, they have helped people step by step overcome difficulties and improve their lives.
Use one of the following granules: Carbofuran, Vibasu, Vicap, Visa, Padan, Regent, Diazinon.
2.135 cows were vaccinated against foot-and-mouth disease, accounting for more than 86% of the total herd at the time of vaccination, and 248 sows and breeding males, accounting for more than 88%.
To coordinate with the provincial Red Cross Society, provincial Relief Committees and mass organizations in distributing relief goods in a fair and transparent manner.
The field of education and health has made positive changes, the quality of teaching and learning at all levels continues to be improved.
Direct expenses :
At the request of the Director of the Department of Justice in the Statement No. 01/TTr-STP dated January 06,2020,
Modes 
We're gonna...
Monitoring of residues of banned antibiotics and toxic substances in shrimp farming areas was carried out in 2019;
Implementation roadmap
In addition, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district directs the concerned branches and mass organizations and localities to organize Mid-Autumn Festival activities for children in the district.
Hai asked me to report to Psychiatry yesterday, and by the way, I wanted to ask you to come down to Psychiatry.
Over the years, with the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has developed and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas associated with poverty reduction.
squirrel
In 2019, the campaigning work of the political system in Vinh Thanh district continues to be paid attention and directed by Party Committees at all levels and there are positive changes.
Up to now, the entire district has built dozens of typical models of "Nice Stadium" in the fields of economy, culture - society, security and national defense.
Persons who have fulfilled their military service or definite-term service in the people's public security force and members of youth volunteer teams,
From 2013 to 2015, to complete the printing of 50 typical traditional martial arts books of Binh Dinh for conservation and promotion.
Countries
Advise Party committees and local governments on effective settlement of issues related to religious security and rural security so as to prevent the formation of "hot spots" for security and order in localities;
Except for weeds 
On the morning of May 12, the Party Committee of Vinh Hiep commune held the 19th Congress for the 2020-2025 tenure. Attending the Congress were Dinh Yang King, Head of the Provincial Ethnic Affairs Committee, Deputies of the Provincial People's Council, Ho Xuan Anh, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Le Van Dau, Chairman of the District People's Committee, members of the organizing committee of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, and 140/221 members of the entire Party Committee.
The purpose of the review is to determine the list of poor households, near-poor households, households escaping poverty; statistics and analysis of information on poor households, near-poor households to serve as a basis for the implementation of poverty reduction and social security support policies in 2019 and orientations, adjustments to poverty reduction policies, programs and schemes for the period 2016 – 2020 in the district.
The Department of Education and Training is the standing body of the Steering Committee and may use the seal of the Department of Education and Training.
how much,
The conferment of titles and commendation proposals shall comply with the State's regulations.
A devotion to the Party, following Uncle Ho through two resistance wars against France and the US, today in the construction of the homeland, the belief in the Party and Uncle Ho of Bana Kriem Vinh Thanh still not a bit shaken.
- Organizations, associations and mass organizations: To coordinate with local administrations at all levels in encouraging and propagating their members to be properly aware of the work of animal vaccination and epidemic prevention and combat.
Mrs. Tran Thi My Dung, President of the Farmers Association of Vinh Hoa Commune is one of the exemplary Association officials, dedicated to the work of the Association and the farmers movement.
Units permitted to collect charges for sightseeing of scenic places, historical relics and cultural works in the provinces may retain 90% of the collected charge amounts and remit the remaining 10% into the state budget according to regulations.
DT 637 road section through Vinh Son commune has just been repaired, upgraded, expanded and completed in time and put into use before the Lunar New Year, making people here have more fun when welcoming spring.
Upgrading to serve the promotion and development of tourism through the reception of domestic and international visitors.
bananas
squirting
Article 1. Approving the plant variety development assistance policy for the period 2016 - 2020 in Binh Dinh province (Enclosed herewith).
cluttered
Picking up students in the new school year, guiding new students into school for many years has always been focused by the school
With the goal of gradually improving the quality of medical examination and treatment and people's primary health care
On the morning of October 9, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held the 18th Party Executive Committee Meeting to evaluate the implementation of the tasks for the first nine months of the year and the implementation of the tasks for the remaining three months of 2019.
For positions with requirements on training majors like job positions registered by recruitment candidates.
Kitchen Truss
Take action for a safe society for women and girls
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 35/2015/ND-CP dated April 13,2015 on management and use of paddy land;
outside,
in (home) 
Part II: Foreign language 30 questions in five languages: English, Russian, French, German, Chinese. Duration: 30 minutes.
Also at the supervision, leaders of Vinh Kim commune proposed and proposed to the supervision delegation of the district People's Council on issues such as: The district People's Committee directs the early appraisal and approval of the forest environment service plan from 2014 to 2019 for the commune People's Committee to have a basis for implementation in the coming time.
In commemoration of the difficult and arduous working time, Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung sincerely visited Mr. Dinh Ghok's health and family life, wishing him to continue promoting traditions, setting an example in the community, encouraging people to actively produce and build a new life.
(goes) tiptoeing 
At the places of visit, the Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee graciously asks for the health, economic situation and life of family members.
embrace
And for the 4th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts held in Binh Dinh province in early August 2012 is stipulated as follows:
Especially the work of hunger elimination and poverty alleviation, human resource development for ethnic minority people.
Proactively develop plans for introduction, timely arrangement, ensuring accommodation for domestic and foreign martial arts delegations participating in the festival.
Inserted 
Organizing film days and film drives on the culture of Vietnamese ethnic groups.
With the active participation of the entire political system, there are currently no cases of Covid-19 infection in the district.
To continue supervising, inspecting and handling violations in safe vegetable and fruit production areas in 2019 in the province and adjacent areas of the safe vegetable production project;
demolition 
Up to now, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district has implemented 84 models such as large-scale field model, safe vegetable garden model, model without giving birth to a third child, model without children dropping out of school, model without illegal forest development, model of hanging Uncle's picture in residential areas.
At the same time, continuing to coordinate in implementing solutions to consolidate and improve the quality of operations of entrusted association organizations at all levels and the quality of operations of savings and loan groups.
Vinh Thanh district awarded the Party badge for the 2.9th time to 29 party members
You try to study well. You'll be able to go anyway!
In the old days, heaven and earth were still close to each other. There were two couples who were many years old but still had no children. They were very sad. One day they discussed with each other to ask for a child. The road was far away, the mountains were difficult. The couple had a hard time getting to the window of the sky. Hearing them next, God felt so sorry, took a handful of seeds and gave them and said: Come home to drink. The couple was glad to leave. They hoped to come home quickly to have children. To a place to rest, the couple took the seeds to see.
Organization of implementation 
scrubbing,
Currently, farmers in the commune are concentrating on making soil to promptly sow the summer crop to ensure the production plan of the commune has set out.
It is known that all this money was mobilized by the collective of leaders and policemen of Vinh Thanh District to support the prevention and control of Covid-19 in the district.
Peach trees are very suitable for soil and climate in Vinh Son
On the afternoon of August 28, Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee visited and presented two gifts, each worth VND 1 million, to two typical policy families of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes.
At the same time, to coordinate in conducting propaganda and mobilization meetings to prevent and control dengue hemorrhagic fever at households so that people know and voluntarily check and eliminate larvae and mosquito larvae reservoirs, kill mosquitoes, apply measures to prevent mosquito bites and actively participate in dengue hemorrhagic fever prevention and control in localities; to guide people how to early detect cases of the disease and immediately go to the nearest medical establishments for timely examination and treatment, not to arbitrarily treat at home, which may lead to dangerous and possibly fatal complications.
make puddle
breathing,
long lasting
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 63/2010/ND-CP dated June 08,2010 on controlling administrative procedures;
"Hybrid rice is a new variety, so initially when the local government campaigned to put it into production, not only me but many people in the village also hesitated, worried about not ensuring the technique and efficiency unlike pure rice production. 
On the morning of January 9, the police of Vinh Thanh District held a review of the police work in 2019, deploying the tasks in 2020.
Many cultural values, legal provisions and regulations, cultural codes of conduct increasingly penetrate into life have made an important contribution to creating a healthy living environment for the community, for each family and individual.
The material and spiritual life of the people in the district continues to be improved.
To partially cut down flood crests for downstream areas, work out handling plans in special cases and coordinate with military forces in readily responding to unforeseen circumstances.
Estimated funding sources for implementation by years 
Department of Information and Communications 
I said to myself: Even though there are many difficulties, I will try hard to study.
Up to now, Vinh Thuan commune has completed 10/19 criteria according to the national set of criteria for building a new countryside.
them - from three or more people 
Go back to,
The deployment model is supported by the people in the Village
On the morning of March 9, Vice Chairman of District People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao inspected the hygiene work to prevent Covid-19 epidemic at Vinh Thanh High School and Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for the Gifted.
when will,
To continue effectively implementing the Scheme on restructuring the agriculture sector in association with building a new countryside, shifting crops and rational crops
Therefore, Vinh Thanh district always focuses on leading and directing the implementation of policies, programs and projects on poverty reduction to be implemented synchronously from district to grassroots.
Programs and projects in support of ethnic minority people have positive impacts, contributing to promoting socio-economic development in the district
In order to ensure the recruitment of citizens for enlistment in 2020 meets the targets, on October 22 and 23, the Military Service Board of districts held a meeting to approve the politics and policies of enlistment in 2020
the first day,
In 2013 began to collect materials, compile 50 typical Binh Dinh traditional martial arts articles to publish books.
Open training classes for martial artists, coaches. 
To organize training courses to raise the capability of officials in charge of information and communications prevention and control at all levels.
On the 37th anniversary of Vietnamese Teachers' Day, on the morning of November 20, leaders of Vinh Thanh district visited and congratulated the Department of Education and Training and some schools in the district.
August 10, 2019: Organizing a gathering program between domestic and foreign martial arts delegations in Quy Nhon city.
There it is.
beautiful chick
They were very sad.
Recently, Vinh Kim Commune People's Committee has directed forestry officials to coordinate forest rangers and protection forest management boards in charge of the area with departments and mass organizations in the commune to propagate PCCCR regulations, the Forestry Law and relevant documents for 6/6 villages, with 1,098 attendees.
is the condition that changes the quality of the meat of the fish, which increases the muscle toughness of the meat, making the meat of the carp crispy different from the normal carp meat.
- To approve the number of subjects entitled to tuition fee exemption or reduction;
Recognized traditional craft villages: Support equal to 7 times the base salary.
Mrs. Dinh Thi Ap - Kon Blo Village, Vinh Son Commune, one of the Bana ethnic households here directly participated in the model shared: "The previous crop was very damaged rice.
Determine the ripeness of seeds and fruits: It is necessary to distinguish between morphological ripening and physiological ripening. Physiological ripening is the stage of completing the development of embryos and seeds that can germinate to develop into plants when appropriate conditions but have not completed the process of biochemical transformation inside the harvested product.
From the beginning of the year, the district People's Committee directed the functional agencies to promote the transfer of scientific and technical advances, support production development,
Build a cow market
Step 5: The Advocacy Board meets, reviews the criteria, voting process, and agrees to make a list of children.
Then about the gathering location to prepare the opening (This part is not live broadcast). 
At the same time, this project is also combined to make roads on the embankment to expand the transport system of the town.
rice cotton
Trawling
In addition, the construction of the traffic system on the embankment is also significant in ensuring the rescue and rescue upon the occurrence of natural disasters that separate and isolate the downstream area.
Article 6. Support for projects on development of rural trades
From concessional loans, members have invested to increase production
Free sample designs, typical designs of houses as well as scientific and technical advances in construction and installation to reduce construction costs;
Mr. Le Quang Hung - Director of Department of Health;
When the trees are in the business period (from the 4th year onwards): The pruning of branches to create a canopy is done regularly 2 times / year. The first time after harvesting is completed in combination with garden cleaning and weeding phase 1, this phase is usually done in May-June every year. 
Provincial Public Security, Provincial Border Guard Command, Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs, Department of Agriculture and Rural Development,
Up to now, 85% of the women's family members meet the four standards of "No warmth, equality, progress and happiness" and over 85% of households annually achieve cultural families.
Actual inspection at schools showed that most schools strictly abide by the regulations of the functional sector on Covid-19 prevention and control such as:
Periodically every two years, the provincial People's Committee shall organize the cultural and sport festival of mountainous ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province according to each period's theme.
In furtherance of the Decision No. 33/2014/QD-UBND dated 22/12/2014 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on policies to encourage investment in the construction of concentrated cattle and poultry slaughtering facilities in the province during 2015 - 2020.
To attach importance to training reserve forces and militia and self-defense forces, ensuring their proper and adequate composition and programs according to plans.
Agriculture & Rural Development
In particular, to focus on stepping up the effective implementation of programs to support and assist poor households and ethnic minority households
In the past time, although the forest protection forces have made great efforts in patrolling and pursuing forest robbers, the situation of trading, transporting, exploiting and encroaching on forestry land in Vinh Thanh district has still been complicated.
lost,
At the same time, it promises to further promote its role and responsibility in mobilizing and propagating people to build great national unity, build a cultural life associated with socio-economic development and maintain security and order in the locality.
Inspect residues of antibiotics, microorganisms and banned substances in meat sold on the market, pig collecting points and slaughterhouses.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 43/2006/ND-CP dated April 25,2006 on autonomy and accountability;
Pursuant to the Circular No. 13/2009/TT-BXD dated June 30,2009 of the Ministry of Construction;
To eradicate the thieves, the rangers alone can not do it.
Environmental efficiency. 
shattered 
cake maker
Intermediate Accountant (Code: 06.032) 
Wait for the plant to dry and then burn it.
Curved
Credit Funds
lumps
Upgrading of the western road of the province (DT.638); Nhon Hoi Economic Zone long axial road
leaf
Location: In Quy Nhon City.
break up,
The district Military Commands, the district Police, the district People's Procuracies, the district Civil Judgment Execution Sub-Departments... shall renew their working styles and styles, close to and close to the people, listen to and dialogue with the people, especially raising the efficiency of the timely and accurate settlement of the people's complaints and petitions.
This is one of the activities of practical significance in the preservation and promotion of national culture, contributing to the effective implementation of Resolution 33 (XIth Congress) of the Party on building and developing the culture and people of Vietnam to meet the requirements of sustainable development of the country.
Build stables to ensure warmth in winter, cool in summer, avoid drafts and ensure area.
In order to have more resources to implement the prevention and control of Covid-19, in the coming time, the Vietnam Fatherland Front in Vinh Thanh district continues to call on agencies, units, enterprises and donors to continue promoting their responsibilities and join hands with the whole country and the locality in preventing and repelling the Covid-19 epidemic, ensuring health safety for the people.
The grassroots congresses all take place in an atmosphere of excitement, promoting democracy, solidarity and high consensus among cadres and Party members.
- Capital of the national target program on building a new countryside;
- Craft villages with good outlets; craft villages associated with tourism development and building of a new countryside;
Cheap Price
Mr. Le Van Son was elected to the position of Party Secretary of Vinh Hiep commune for the term 2020-2025.
At the same time, this helps officials of grassroots farmers associations have more knowledge and skills to propagate and disseminate the work of ensuring traffic safety, prevention and combat of crimes, drug prevention and combat and black credit forms for members and people of all strata in the locality to know and understand better to avoid violations.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 02/2017/TT-VPCP dated October 31,2017 of the Minister-Chairman of the Government Office on guidelines for controlling administrative procedures;
No, don't...
Take action to end sexual abuse of women and girls 
From the support capital of the project, Vinh Thanh district has expanded the area of safe vegetable cultivation in Vinh Son commune with a scale of more than 4 hectares from 2019, growing vegetable varieties: cabbage, cabbage, lettuce, radish.
Organize propaganda for the prevention and control of acute respiratory infections caused by the new strain of Corona virus in many forms such as radio broadcasts and leaflets.
Provide training in food safety and professional skills for local officials in charge of food safety and quality management in their provinces.
Supporting the translation and interpretation at the opening and closing ceremonies, sightseeing programs as well as invitation letters to foreign delegations... 
Along with theoretical communication through visual images, during the training period, trainees can directly practice on the field from designing vegetable fields to preparing varieties, how to plant, care, fertilize, water, monitor plants (2 times / week) to grasp the growth and pest situation.
Many dug wells and drilled wells of households have run dry and people have to go to get water from neighboring wells for use.
What month do you hunt?
dexterity 
Pay attention to policies and regimes that encourage senior martial artists to pass on martial arts and martial medicine
sage
Sprouts
Breeding
In commemoration of the difficult and arduous working time, Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung sincerely visited Mr. Dinh Ghok's health and family life, wishing him to continue promoting traditions, setting an example in the community, encouraging people to actively produce and build a new life.
To take care of healthcare at the grassroots level, especially for ethnic minority people, focusing on guiding the way of eating and staying hygienic and preventing and combating diseases.
the,
To synchronously and comprehensively implement non-work and work solutions in dike management according to the roadmap, ensuring sustainability, safety, effectiveness and practical effect.
cats
To conduct public information work and organize the collection and remittance of funds for natural disaster prevention and control.
tree,
The effectiveness of the Scheme and the possibility of risks during the implementation of the Scheme.
Regarding the field of education, voters of Vinh Thinh commune proposed that the National Assembly should consider giving children one day off from school on the occasion of the Mid-Autumn Festival every year.
Growing grass tassel 
Coordinate with People's Committees of districts, towns and cities to review the system of bridges, roads to install marker posts, separators, danger warning signs to ensure safety for people and vehicles.
Love for work, enthusiasm and creativity in work, that is the story of teacher Le Thi Thuy Ha - Biology teacher of Vinh Thanh High School.
August and National Day Revolution 2.9 
After the meeting, they went down to Kon Đruch village to talk about making roads.
hardcore,
In the past 5 years, Vinh Thanh district has invested VND 494 billion to implement programs, policies and projects for ethnic minority and mountainous areas.
New school, new friends, new teachers...
Have you eaten anything?
From the investment interests of the State together with the efforts of the Party and the people, the face of rural and mountainous Vinh Thanh today has many prosperities.
As a mountainous commune, ethnic minority people are in special difficulties of the district, the people's intellectual level is still limited, the rate of poor households accounts for over 48%, so the population and family planning work of the commune faces many difficulties.
Mr. Phan Chi Quoc Hung, Head of Secondary Education Department, Department of Education and Training
insertion,
Applying green raw feed processing and preservation technology (grass, young harvested corn and agricultural by-products) to improve nutritional value, digestibility and absorption;
Article 3. The Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council, Committees of the Provincial People's Council and delegates of the Provincial People's Council shall inspect and supervise the implementation of this Resolution.
Besides, the district also has mechanisms and policies to support workers such as vocational training, concessional loans, funding for learning foreign languages and oriented education.
The response to climate change and sea level rise is enhanced and synchronized.
Do you plow a lot of fields a day?
sleep up,
Five of them.
Hairy
Due to the impact of the Covid-19 epidemic situation, according to the direction, the delivery and receipt of troops this year took place quickly but still solemnly and in accordance with the law.
Organize the implementation of Directive No. 28 dated 21/01/2019 of the Politburo on "Improving the quality of admission of party members and reviewing and screening for removal of ineligible party members from the Party".
door,
Science and Technology
- The program's scenario, arrangement of forces to perform the work of organization to ensure safety, practicality and efficiency.
In the course of performing its tasks, the district People's Committee shall attach special importance to the building and consolidation of the administration,
I'll mow the lawn with you.
Yes, you buy it!
Therefore, in recent years, Ms. Dung has always focused on propagating cadres, members and farmers to well observe the Party's guidelines and lines, the State's policies and laws, directives and resolutions of superior associations, especially policies related to agriculture and farmers.
Information and communication on food safety on the mass media, especially local radio stations in the field of Agriculture.
Ready forces, vehicles and equipment for emergency rescue of fishermen and vessels in distress.
Did she have a bowel movement?
How many pills did you buy?
Tuy Phuoc district: VND 1,218,900,000 
In recent years, the War Veterans Association of Vinh Thanh district has focused on promoting the emulation movement: War veterans set bright examples, actively propagated and mobilized the masses.
Regulations on support policies for consolidation of intra-field canals in Binh Dinh province from 2016 to 2020
At the conference, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee commended and rewarded 4 military branches with outstanding achievements over 10 years of implementing the Central Organization Commission's Guidance No. 35 on organization and operation of military branches of communes, wards and townships, including military branches of Vinh Hao, Vinh Thuan, Vinh Hoa and Vinh Thinh communes.
chop (rice) 
Here's some water. Have a drink.
I don't know.
To date, the association has coordinated with the district Socialist Bank to disburse over VND 106 billion, lending to 2,527 members to invest in production development.
Newspapers
Thereby, to help poor households and ethnic minority households in Vinh Thanh district step by step overcome difficulties, actively develop the economy, to improve living standards.
Provide training in food safety techniques for aquaculture. Provide training in food safety for fishing vessels and tracing of fishery products for ship owners, captains and fishing vessels.
The waste of aphids is an environment for soot fungi to grow, blackening plants. 
How far did you go to get it?
Raising the sense of law observance of officials and people (hereinafter referred to as Directive No. 32-CT/TW);
Okay, now,
Amusement
Because this is a big national problem, especially for an agrarian country, it requires a high level of public awareness, attention to the government's aggressive ransom, large investments, and sufficient deterrence measures.
Article 3. This Decision comes into force from May 04,2020.
Article 3.-The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee and the director of the provincial/municipal Culture and Sports Service
Strictly control people coming and going out of Vinh Thanh district, especially those returning from or passing through the epidemic zone
Accordingly, the district People's Committee directs the functional agencies to study and rearrange the crop structure and seasons in accordance with the ecological characteristics of each region.
Immediately
badly,
The provincial People's Committee has just approved the cement support mechanism for repairing and expanding damaged rural roads in the province, in the 2020-2025 period. 
However, in order for vocational training to be more effective, the State should adopt policies to invest more in vocational training for people in deep-lying and remote areas.
Attending the meeting of voters in the district were Mr. Nguyen Chi Dung, Vice Chairman of the district People's Council, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee and representatives of agencies and departments of the district and communes and townships.
Level 4 is 3 procedures of district level.
With the consent of a parent or guardian.
Workers are also consulted about the benefits when participating in labor export, the support policies of the State for workers to work abroad... 
Article 7. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province; Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, Presidents of the People's Committees of districts, heads of relevant agencies, units, organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision./.
Mr. Tran Huy Giap, Deputy Director of Provincial Police;
The value of different scholarships for each level: Elementary level: 800 thousand VND / class; middle school: 1 million VND / class and high school: 1.2 million VND / class.
However, in order for vocational training to be more effective, the State should adopt policies to invest more in vocational training for people in deep-lying and remote areas.
Over the years, the district People's Committee has institutionalized the viewpoints of the Party and the State, the Government and the Prime Minister have promulgated many guidelines and policies to cover the areas of ethnic minority and mountainous areas, socio-economic fields and specific policies for ethnic minority areas.
Over the past years, Vinh Thuan Commune Farmers Association has always proactively coordinated with the Women's Union, Youth Union, War Veterans Association to propagate and mobilize officials and farmers to actively implement the environmental protection, considering it the task of the Association in the emulation movement to build a new countryside.
Guiding the implementation of Circular No. 38/2018/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 25,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development on appraisal and certification of agro-forestry-fishery food production and trading facilities eligible for food safety;
The above amount was transferred to districts by grassroots trade unions of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies in response to the call of the Prime Minister, the Central Committee of the Vietnam Fatherland Front and the direction of the Standing Committee of Trade Unions of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies on joining hands in Covid-19 prevention and control.
Especially to reform administrative procedures under "one - stop shop" and "interlinked one - stop shop" mechanisms so that agencies, enterprises and citizens in localities can grasp the process of handling administrative procedures and, at the same time, supervise the administrative reform by cadres and civil servants at People's Committees at all levels.
The Party's grassroots organizations, agencies, units and schools shall formulate ethical standards into specific, brief and memorable tasks to set an example and follow.
Dearest
Head: Mr. Trinh Hoang Nha, Specialist of Department of Education and Training.
The Relic Management Board shall implement the mechanism of autonomy and self-responsibility as prescribed by the State for the public non-business units with revenues.
Up to now, in the commune, there are many good economic development models such as the pumpkin planting model of Mr. Dinh Kheo of village 3, Mr. Dinh Sang of village 6 and the watermelon planting model of Dinh Thi Go of village 6... for an income of about 100 million VND / year.
The Council shall work on the principle of democratic centralism and its chairman shall make conclusions and direct the implementation thereof.
The work of propagation - education and promotion helps ethnic groups understand each other, get closer to each other, appreciate each other.
Flute
Each locality shall select a relatively concentrated and inter-regional vegetable production area with about 30 farmer households participating; proceed to eliminate double-row vegetable production, ensuring safe vegetable supply sources for the consumption market in the province.
My name is Yôl.
Implementation objectives
On 14 January, the Banking Operations Division of the District Social Policy Bank summarized the lending activities to poor households and other policy beneficiaries in 2019 and implemented the tasks in 2020.
Decision on announcement of List of replacement administrative procedures in crop production sector under management of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province
Don't go out.
On these days, Joel's father and the villagers used to go to the river and pick up firewood. Sometimes they even picked up deer and wild pigs.
Technical Specification:
At the same time, to coordinate with functional branches in enhancing the inspection and strict control of livestock breeds imported from other localities.
This solution is effective and practical, especially for poor households in rural areas.
Through surveying and evaluating the current situation, Vinh Hiep commune has achieved 13/19 criteria of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside.
Ten years ago...
there's...
Comparisons
Pursuant to the Law on Law dissemination and education dated June 20, 2012;
Provincial - level People's Committees shall support construction expenses under annual plans from 2016 to 2020.
Practice distancing in school: Class with class, teacher with teacher; arrange appropriate seats, students sit at least 1 meter apart; play in class, go back to class, parents are absolutely not allowed to enter the school to pick up students, students 
"All people unite to build a cultured life" districts and cities (Department of Culture and Information is the standing agency)
(Enclosed with the Resolution No. 50/2019/NQ-HDND dated December 13,2019 of the People's Council of Binh Dinh Province)
Over the years, the erosion of the Kôn River has washed away a lot of production land in some localities in Vinh Thanh District, causing great anxiety for local authorities and people.
They hurried through the rice and put it in their trunks.
Contents and duration of examination sections
butt,
naughty,
To organize the implementation of policies for ethnic minority areas in particular and people in mountainous areas in general to achieve many positive results, thus affecting the material and spiritual life of people in the district increasingly.
Deployment period from 5.1.2020 to 18.1.2020
To assume the prime responsibility for guiding the non-business capital source budget expenditures and coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in guiding the implementation of the Program.
milkshake
Costs of physical inspection of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages applying for recognition and revocation of certificates of recognition
Splitting
Over the past time, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has focused on leading the promotion of learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style. Thereby, learning and following Uncle has spread, creating positive changes, contributing to raising the sense of cultivation and training of revolutionary ethical qualities in the contingent of Party members and the people, contributing to building Vinh Thanh district more and more developed.
The amount of incubated humus is at least 500 kg, take the clam or plastic wrap around, every 15 days stir well and re-incubate once, after 30 days of incubation can put into bag closing. The incubation period does not last more than 1 year. 
In 2019, Vinh Thanh district will be allocated VND 10 billion 247 million from non-business capital sources to support production development under the Government's Resolution 30a to support production development for people in villages and communes meeting with exceptional difficulties in the district, including:
Pursuant to the Circular No. 02/2014/TT-BTC dated January 02,2014 of the Ministry of Finance on guidelines for fees and charges within the competence of People's Councils of provinces and central-affiliated cities;
startled,
Time: Regularly, throughout the year. 
To coordinate with the Economic Department of Quy Nhon city in building a chain of safe pork consumption in Quy Nhon city; to build food safety - qualified pork stalls.
The project "Development of the strategy for implementing the system of resources to support the initiative to improve the capacity of illiteracy eradication in Vietnam" in Binh Dinh province
mocking,
Implementing the program to contact voters before the 9th session, the 14th National Assembly. On the morning of 7.5, Le Cong Nhuong, Director of the provincial Department of Science and Technology had a meeting with voters before the 9th session, the 14th National Assembly in Vinh Thanh district.
For the remaining rural concrete roads completely damaged, cement use norm of 220 tons/1km. 
suspension bridge
On the occasion of the 74th anniversary of the August Revolution and the National Day of September 2nd, on the afternoon of August 27, Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu, Chairman of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee of Vietnam Fatherland Front visited and presented 10 gifts to policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh district.
woolen
This crop makes the rice look good, with more seeds, and with longer stems.
To submit to the provincial People's Committees for consideration and approval, which shall serve as basis for payment and settlement of expenses according to the State's current regulations.
This is a necessary policy to stabilize population, family planning and protect women's rights in ethnic minority areas.
At 6 a.m. sharp, the new recruits are in position,
In 2020: VND 6.970 million
Drawing
After listening to the school leaders' quick report on Covid-19 prevention and control before and after receiving the students back to school, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao noted and appreciated the prevention and control of Covid-19 of the schools.
Formality
Tasks: To select, create and develop new food crops of high yield, high quality, resistant to pests and adverse conditions;
The People's Committees of districts and cities in the province, with the Office of Culture and Information as the focal point, shall take initiative in organizing "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" activities.
Along with that, the list of vocational training is supplemented in accordance with the needs of the labor market and the requirements of local socio-economic development.
Direct the Branch of Livestock Production and Veterinary Medicine to: 
Difficulties that arise during the implementation of this Circular should be reported to the People's Committee of the province via the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development./.
theft,
touch (head) 
To promote the role of provincial-level Justice Departments and the justice sector in managing, directing, guiding and implementing the following plans :
or,
Candidates must hold a bachelor's degree or postgraduate degree in a foreign country or a bachelor's degree or postgraduate degree at a foreign language training institution in Vietnam;
the other day,
patting,
Since the beginning of this year, Vinh Thanh district has invested 168.6 billion VND to build infrastructure such as roads, health stations, schools and irrigation systems in extremely disadvantaged villages and communes.
White Peeled
Arriving at Min Di's house, the python transforms into a handsome young man and asks Min Di to marry him.
Strengthening the inspection of official duties right after Tet holiday, timely reorganizing agencies and units that have not strictly implemented the working time as prescribed.
them - two people,
Field pump station installation and commissioning
Mr. Nguyen Dinh Hung, Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training.
At this festival, the gong team of Vinh Thanh ethnic minority boarding high school is the youngest team.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of Local Government dated June 19, 2015 
In order to effectively implement the Resolution of the district-level People's Council, the district-level People's Committee shall request departments, divisions, units and People's Committees of communes and townships to focus on directing and organizing the synchronous and effective performance of the following tasks:
warehouse,
Support conditions: To support craft villages with at least 20% of their production establishments engaged in production lines eligible for development promotion (called craft villages eligible for development promotion for short).
Plant protection and veterinary medicine shall be paid attention to, and epidemic prevention and control surveys and forecasts shall be conducted in a timely and effective manner so as to prevent the generation of pests in production.
In recent years, thanks to the policy of supporting 100% of hybrid rice varieties for ethnic minority people of the provincial People's Committee and the fertilizer support policy of programs 135 and 30a, the mountainous areas have solved food on the spot, the lives of ethnic minority people have been improved.
The 6th grade homeroom teachers are always close, encouraging the children to get used to and get in touch with the new environment to create a friendly feeling in the new learning environment.
It's too expensive, I don't buy. Three thousand two canvas?
Direct the Division of Education and Training to:
In general, the election work in Vinh Thanh district has taken place smoothly, voters urgently go to the election sites to elect candidates with sufficient qualities, ethics and capabilities to the title of village or neighborhood chief for the 2019-2021 term.
At the same time, the district has mobilized forces to help people restore damaged houses to have temporary and stable accommodation in advance.
Recently, Vinh Hoa Commune People's Committee held a conference to implement documents directing and guiding a number of contents related to the election of village chiefs for the 2019-2021 term.
Decision on recognizing the results of maintaining the standards of universal preschool education for children aged 5 years in 2015 for 10 districts, towns and cities.
roads,
Funding for the Scheme for enhancement of capacity for management of food safety and quality of agricultural, forestry and fishery products in Binh Dinh province during 2017 - 2020, with a vision to 2030).
(in) where 
Secretary:.
(going) through 
Mr. Man Dang My, Deputy Head of Primary Education Department, Department of Education and Training
Therefore, the construction of a new countryside sets goals and criteria for rural areas is also a challenge as well as a motivation and opportunity for the rural face to flourish on the rise.
Other propaganda materials on the website of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs: http://sldtbxh. binhdinh. gov.vn 
singing rhythm
As both learning and practical application, we easily grasp the basics of safe vegetable growing.
Today, Yôl got up earlier than usual. I followed my mother to Dinh Binh market. The market was very crowded. In addition to Bana people, Yôl also saw many Hrê, Cham Hroi, Kinh...
Total number of students wishing to stay in dormitories up to March 2009: 23,131 people (of which 17,697 are full-time students).
He picked a red flower that was wet with dew.
He knitted. 
named 
Mobilize the community's participation and resources to achieve the poverty reduction objectives, contributing to successfully realizing the sustainable poverty reduction objectives and tasks in 2019 and the 2016-2020 period.
Use disease-free cuttings. It is recommended to choose high-yielding varieties of tapioca. Limit cultivation of KM 94 noodles because the variety has been seriously infected. 
Article 6.-Tasks and powers of the Council's vice-chairman
The Pham Van Trinh Scholarship was established by Pham Hong Cuu's family at the aspiration of his father, Pham Van Trinh, to help disadvantaged pupils and students in Binh Dinh province rise up in learning.
At that slope over there.
In addition to the propagation and mobilization work, the district War Veterans Association has in the past focused on promoting emulation and emulation for economic development, helping each other eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty among its members and the people.
squeaking
Mr. Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training;
Invited
To seriously grasp and effectively implement the Prime Minister's directions in Document No. 167/TTg-NN of February 5,2020, on proactive prevention and control of influenza A (H5N1) in poultry and humans;
dare (do) 
However, the implementation of children's rights still faces many difficulties and obstacles in terms of economic, social and psychological issues.
hunting,
shedding (hand) 
As a mountainous commune, ethnic minority people are in special difficulties of the district, the people's intellectual level is still limited, the rate of poor households accounts for over 48%, so the population and family planning work of the commune faces many difficulties.
Policy Mechanisms
whisper,
Currently, Vinh Hoa commune has 449 times of households borrowing loans with total outstanding debt of over VND 17,200 million from various programs and projects of the Bank for Social Policies such as: borrowing loans for poor households, labor export, job creation, support for poor households to build houses, borrowing loans for students.
Article 2. The Department of Construction shall take charge and cooperate with relevant departments and local governments in :
tells,
You must not touch chickens and chicken droppings! When feeding chickens, you must wear a mask, gloves. 
or,
To direct and create conditions for Divisions of Education and Training and Divisions of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs to coordinate with districts, towns and provincial delegations in implementing the Scheme.
- To estimate funds and coordinate with the provincial/municipal Finance Services in evaluating funds for the organization of festival programs;
On the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2020, on the afternoon of January 16, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh – TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee visited and presented gifts to 09 policy beneficiaries and families with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh town, each gift is worth 500 thousand VND
Dad won't be back tonight, and if he doesn't get better in the morning, Mom's going to the infirmary.
squirrel
- Other lawful capital sources.
Attending were Deputy Chief of Staff Mai Hong Son, Ministry of Military Affairs of the province; Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of the district Party Committee, Secretary of the Military Party Committee of the district.
Since 2017, Vinh Son Commune has been implementing the Safe Vegetables Project funded by the New Zealand Government, bringing Bana ethnic community here access to science and technology in safe vegetable production.
Seed preparation: Seedlings produced by grafting method must be basically shaped in nurseries, with at least 2 first-class branches and no more than 3 branches.
Attending the meeting in the district were Mr. Dinh Drin - Chairman of the district People's Council, Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Mr. Le Van Dau - Chairman of the district People's Committee.
Determining hunger eradication and poverty alleviation as key tasks in the district's socio-economic development strategy
The plan has simulated the operation and regulation in the time of rain and flood to ensure the safety of the works, the development of flood over time and space, the operation of lowering the water level of the lake to cope with flood.
the rain,
not sleeping,
I'll leave it to you when I catch it.
Trying to...
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Natural Resources and Environment Departments and concerned localities in, advising on and consolidating the system of state management agencies in charge of the sea and islands.
In addition, local associations and mass organizations should further intensify propaganda and education to raise awareness and responsibility for forest protection for people to understand the harmful effects of deforestation.
To direct and regularly guide and support the organization of activities of the Council of Children in the same term with the Council of Children.
Relevant local governments and units shall submit monthly reports (before the 15th of each month) and ad hoc reports at the request of the People's Committee of the province through the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
To pay attention to the formulation, training and assurance of regimes and policies for militia, self-defense and reserve forces
Going in depth and practically associated with the implementation of key tasks of agencies, units and localities
Despite being treated in many places, but due to the bullet wound through the lungs, causing damage to the spinal cord, Mr. Trớ was paralyzed, necrotic wounds, injury rate of 93%.
Squirting
Copyright Protection and Reward Policy
Construction of propaganda columns, trailers introducing the festival, news organizations 
Binh Dinh martial arts studios are associated with the family, mainly using the yard and garden as a place to practice.
jumping in,
Expenditures for the secondary school: VND 70,192 billion, including tuition: VND 38,598 billion; support from the state budget: VND 31,594 billion.
The Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism shall assume the prime responsibility for, and organize the drafting and formulation of, plans and programs on the "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" in Binh Dinh in the 2010 - 2015 period.
Assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Finance and Planning Division in, formulating plans and estimating funds for retraining teachers of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts extracurricular teaching.
angry,
Cashews tolerate diverse and harsh climatic conditions. Tropical climates with adequate annual rainfall and a pronounced dry season are optimal conditions for cashew trees to grow well. The higher the altitude where cashews are planted compared to the sea surface, the slower the plant growth, the lower the yield.
At the field, Mom and Dad weed the corn.
From the investment of the Party, the State together with the efforts of the people in the district, the appearance of many residential areas has changed markedly, especially in ethnic minority areas.
Most households are entitled to borrow capital for the right purposes, bringing into full play the efficiency of the use of co-loan capital, aiming to develop the economy and improve the family life.
Presidents of People's Committees of districts and heads of relevant agencies shall implement this Decision from the day on which it is signed./. 
day butt ten 
To actively coordinate with provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments in implementing the Scheme on restructuring the agriculture sector and the program on building a new countryside.
To encourage poor people, poor households and poor areas to proactively and actively rise up; to step up the implementation of the mechanism of decentralization and empowerment for localities and grassroots units and promote the community's role in poverty reduction.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26, 2003;
Organize the implementation of the plan for vaccination against animal diseases in 2020; ensure adequate and timely supply of vaccines to localities serving the vaccination.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned branches in, planning the construction of a dormitory for students of Binh Dinh College, Quang Trung University and other universities.
fruit,
The congress of the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh district discussed and agreed on the list of 23 youths to participate in the 8th Committee of the Youth Union, the term 2019 - 2024; Ms. Dinh Thi Thuan holds the position of President of the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh district.
building (home) 
Agencies assigned or decentralized under Article 3 of this Decision shall send periodical reports to provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments (via Agro-Forestry-Fisheries Quality Assurance Sub-Departments) before the 20th of every month (particularly in December, before the 5th) and irregular reports upon request.
good,
wormwood charms 
sparrow,
The district health center shall ensure adequate medicines, supplies, equipment, chemicals and human resources to promptly respond to the prevention and control of acute respiratory infections caused by the novel coronavirus in the district and maintain regular operations of the rapid response team and ambulance emergency team.
In order to effectively implement the Campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized urban area" in 2019, in addition to directing and guiding communes and townships to coordinate with one another in implementing the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life", to organize the registration of cultural families and cultural residential areas in 2019.
The district has deployed many activities to prepare, respond to and overcome the consequences when natural disasters occur.
Every day he transports goods from the town to Vinh Son to sell to relatives,
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities: 
Develop new scale compatible. 
In addition, associations have trusted the district social policy bank with over VND 14 billion for 334 loans for economic development; support training and transfer of science and technology of cultivation and husbandry for farmers, on average every year open 5-10 training classes, attracting more than 400 participants; organize the implementation of models such as large-scale field models, corn, pumpkin and chili planting models.
inhale,
Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir has a water capacity of 226 million cubic meters
Decision on strengthening the Law Dissemination and Education Coordination Council of Binh Dinh province
Specific objectives:
Showcases
Being arrested, detained, confiscated ships; being rammed, damaged, sunk or lost ships or after completing plan on aquaculture in remote sea areas, make dossier to request support as prescribed.
Twinning activities in the district in recent years continue to consolidate and promote the spirit of national great unity, timely support and help ethnic minority people, especially households with difficult circumstances step by step to stabilize their lives.
In the immediate future, consider and select suitable slaughterhouses, upgrade facilities and equipment to form small slaughterhouses (according to Clause 2 Article 69 of the Law on Animal Health) and cooperative groups and cooperatives.
Project on teaching and learning foreign languages in the national education system in the 2008 - 2020 period in Binh Dinh province
Strengthening the solidarity of Vietnamese ethnic groups in the province and the whole country, raising the sense of respect and mutual assistance in all aspects 
Model of breeding chickens in gardens in the direction of specialties, scale of 100 chickens in Vinh Thanh town; Model of intensive cultivation of some new grass varieties on the conversion ground associated with the plan to build a linkage of animal feed chain scale 1 ha in Vinh Hiep commune.
Attending the Congress were Mr. Le Kim Toan - Standing Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, Head of the Provincial Party Committee Delegation; Nguyen Gio - Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Organization Board; Nguyen Thi Phong Vu - Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Mass Mobilization Board, Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee and representatives of leaders of the Provincial Party Committee's Party Building Boards.
Provincial - level Public Security Departments shall direct traffic police forces and local public security forces to coordinate with animal health forces in quarantining animals at traffic control stations, inspecting the transportation, trading and slaughtering of animals and animal products, the use of banned substances in animal raising and raising environment, and handle violations.
On the morning of October 9, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held the 18th Party Executive Committee Meeting to evaluate the implementation of the tasks for the first nine months of the year and the implementation of the tasks for the remaining three months of 2019.
The plan on educational universalization or illiteracy eradication; the plan on implementation of the new general education program shall comply with the guidance of the Ministry of Education and Training.
Particularly for reservoir A of Vinh Son hydropower plant in Vinh Son commune, in the long term, tourism will be planned and the district agriculture sector will advise the district People's Committee on further planning orientations for people to develop fish farming in reservoir A for economic development.
Article 1. The Scheme for establishment of the Children's Council of Binh Dinh province for the 2017 - 2020 period is enclosed with this Decision.
tooth eruption
Ms. Nguyen Dang Thi Thu Hoa, Deputy Director of Department of Information and Communications;
Mr. Truong Dinh Hy - Deputy Director of Department of Justice;
To submit to the provincial People's Committees for balancing and allocating additional funds (if any); to guide the use, payment and settlement of funds in accordance with regulations.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg dated July 13,2010;
Belonging to the national education system and policies on exemption, reduction and support for learning costs from the academic year 2015 - 2016 to the academic year 2020 - 2021 in Binh Dinh province;
To develop beef cow raising in the direction of raising added value, sustainable development and increasing incomes for farmers.
To coordinate with the traffic police force in intensifying the inspection of re-examination activities at traffic junctions' temporary animal quarantine stations.
Come to visit Uncle Nam's house, everyone praises: Why so good!
In 2019, Vinh Thanh district will be allocated VND 10 billion 247 million from non-business capital sources to support production development under the Government's Resolution 30a to support production development for people in villages and communes meeting with exceptional difficulties in the district, including:
In addition, when roads are made on the embankment, it also creates conditions for people to go back to production and trade, and contributes to the improvement of the environment in this area because in the past, the riverside area was often a place where many people poured garbage, causing environmental pollution.
Patriotic emulation movements and campaigns launched by the Fatherland Front shall continue to be maintained; the district - level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee has coordinated with its member organizations and mass organizations in propagating and mobilizing people to effectively implement emulation movements launched by branches and levels.
It's just, uh...
Vice Chairman of District People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao wishes that families with support from donors will build a new and more spacious house for themselves.
pushing
On the basis of ensuring the balance of revenues and expenditures from the State budget allocations for protection activities, revenues from service activities and financial supports,
The Party building is also promoted by the Party Committee.
Therefore, his family's poultry flocks always grow and develop well.
In order to effectively carry out the work of hunger elimination and poverty alleviation at grassroots level, over the past years, the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh district has directed the associations at all levels to promote the spirit of mutual support and assistance and widely apply effective economic models.
Public school fee rates operating under the mechanism of partial financial autonomy
Thus, the program has been implemented quite synchronously, rhythmically and closely, thus changing and transforming the awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of the poor, effectively receiving and using the policies and support resources of the State and the community to escape poverty and rise to prosperity.
To be answerable to the provincial People's Committee presidents for the direction of epidemic prevention and combat and vaccination results.
(flowers) bloom 
In 2020, Vinh Thanh district will continue to support more than VND 191 million for 38 households in Vinh Son commune to implement a safe vegetable planting project with a scale of more than 4 hectares, of which more than 3 hectares will be planted with concentrated vegetables, the rest will be planted in people's home gardens.
Besides, the awareness of people, especially poor households and ethnic minority households in the locality has seen many positive changes, the Party's and the State's policies and laws have been implemented and brought to villages and hamlets to reach people and ethnic minority people in deep-lying and remote areas through itinerant legal aid activities, through associations and mass organizations at all levels, building exemplary examples and prestigious people in the community, thereby step by step repelling backward customs and anti-destructive activities of hostile forces, ensuring security, order and social safety in deep-lying, remote and bordering areas.
As "long-term wetness", when understanding the meaning of reproductive health care, the majority of relatives in the commune have changed their awareness, abandoned the practice of delivering at home, when pregnant, sisters voluntarily went to the commune health station for full pregnancy examination.
Season: Spring crop in February - April; Autumn crop in August - October.
tied up
Localities often affected by floods are: Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Thinh 
The material and spiritual life of the people is increasingly improved and improved.
Organizations, individuals and households (hereinafter referred to as fishing vessel owners) that have fishing vessels or provide fishing services in remote sea areas.
During the visit, learning experiences in Vinh Son commune, the delegation of prestigious people has received the attention, help and enthusiastic welcome of leaders, cadres and civil servants of the district Division of Ethnic Affairs;
To continue directing the implementation of projects on upgrading dikes, reservoirs, canals, spillways and storm shelters for ships and boats
On the afternoon of August 28, Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee visited and presented two gifts, each worth VND 1 million, to two typical policy families of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes.
Each house was usually seven meters long—eight meters wide, three four meters high, four—five meters high, the floor one—one and a half meters above the ground.
The maintenance of works must comply with the provisions of law on construction.
squirrel,
After two competitions, the organizers awarded the first prize to Vinh Quang commune; the second prize belonged to Vinh Thanh town and Vinh Kim commune, the third prize was awarded to three units: Vinh Son, Vinh Hoa and Vinh Thuan communes.
- The historical strategy of the Communist Party of Vietnam; the line on national construction in the period of transition to socialism; the basic contents of the Statute of the Communist Party of Vietnam; to study and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh and strive to become members of the Communist Party of Vietnam;
dance,
The grass was cool underfoot.
Livestock waste ejected into sewers
Who's who?
latex gloves
Principle of operation
GF Male
Food safety control in the chain is established. 
The Youth Union Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized the 8th Congress of the Vietnam Youth Union of Vinh Thanh district, tenure 2019-2024 
At present, the living standards of people in communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties in the district are basically stable and have developed, the rate of poor households is reduced by 5.63% on average annually, 96% of villages have rural roads, 100% of communes have motorways to commune centers, 96% of villages have rural roads; over 90% of agricultural land areas have irrigation systems renovated to ensure irrigation for production; 96% of households use hygienic daily-life water, 98% of households use the national electricity grid, cultural, educational and health institutions are basically improved, political security, social order and safety are maintained.
While he was resting, Mr. Ass was loaded with bullets to ambush the monkey or to eat the fruit.
From borrowed capital sources, many veterans have boldly invested in production, effectively restructured crops and domestic animals, developed the economy, and annually reduced the rate of poor households by 5 - 6%.
chubby,
Methods of allocation, accounting and settlement of support funds for fishermen comply with inter-sectoral guidance of provincial-level Finance Departments and State Treasuries in Document No. 1374/HDLN-STC-KBNN of July 12, 2011.
Article 8. Support for reserve of rice varieties for natural disaster recovery
In order to achieve the above results, Vinh Thanh district has strengthened the propagation and dissemination of the guidelines and policies of the Party, the State, the province and the district on labor export.
To pay attention to and take care of the building of the contingent of Party members in the militia; to build clean and strong branches, raise the combat strength and combat readiness of the militia
To step up the transfer and application of scientific and technical advances, restructure crops and crops, convert underwater rice areas into land areas under dry rice and widely apply efficient and advanced production models.
To organize training and drills on natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in order to raise the response capacity of the armed forces and the community.
Encouraging creative ideas, programs and solutions in line with the objectives and requirements of the "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" in Binh Dinh practical.
In the coming time, Vinh Hoa commune will continue to create conditions for entrusted associations and mass organizations to borrow capital.
Difficulties that arise during the implementation of this Circular should be reported to the People's Committee of the province (via the provincial delegation) for consideration./. 
crab,
Professional qualifications: At least an associate degree in finance, accounting or audit.
In the last 3 months of 2019, district-level forest ranger offices shall continue directing local forest rangers to cooperate with forest protection forces in communes and forest owners in speeding up inspection, review and determination of boundaries between fields and forests, drawing boundary diagrams and requesting field owners to sign commitments not to encroach on forests.
Including such laws as: Children have the right to be heard, free to express their views on all issues that affect them, free to speak, think, meet and access information... 
By 11 o'clock, all traffic routes in the district were clear again.
Department of Transport: Assist the Festival Organizing Committee to mobilize means of transportation to transport delegations to perform and participate in activities during the festival
Party Secretary Ho Xuan Anh visited the situation of work, accommodation and travel of people working at the Center for Disease Control, and encouraged the on-site forces to overcome difficulties and fulfill their tasks to contribute to preventing the COVID-19 epidemic.
Time: from August 2016 to March 2017.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate in, conducting communication activities 
To closely coordinate with the concerned services and branches and the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and cities in completing all legal procedures, speeding up the granting of certificates of agricultural and forestry land use rights, farm economy certificates... so that households, individuals and farm owners can borrow bank capital according to regulations.
argue,
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development
On April 21, the Provincial Agricultural Extension Center deployed the commercial perch farming model at Mr. Pham Xuan Quang's household in Tien An village, Vinh Hoa commune.
Mr. Le Hoang Tien, Specialist of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs - Deputy Head of the delegation.
brittle,
dry season
My family has seven people: my parents, my sister, my three brothers and me. 
Specific charge rates applicable to a number of sightseeing spots are provided in Appendices 1 and 2 to this Decision.
The economic efficiency brought about by the project in the period 2015 - 2020 reached about 3.823 billion VND (of which: high-quality beef cattle reached 1.714 billion VND, Zebu and Drought master hybrid cattle reached 2.109 billion VND).
Pursuant to the Circular No. 02/2017/TT-VPCP dated October 31,2017 of the Minister-Chairman of the Government Office on guidelines for control of administrative procedures;
In the immediate future, functional agencies shall coordinate with local administrations in organizing the inspection of activities of trading in cattle and poultry in communes and townships in order to handle violations and effectively prevent the spread of animal diseases into the district areas.
Vinh Thuan Commune has also benefited from Resolution 30A, Program 135 of the Government and other national target programs to focus on investment in socio-economic infrastructure construction, facilitate acceleration of economic growth, improve the people's life.
To coordinate with departments, branches, People's Committees of districts, towns and cities and leading experts and scientists in the province.
Along with stepping up the building and development of the Association, the loan activities, training and transfer of scientific and technological advances, creating jobs for members are always promoted by the Vinh Son Commune Women's Union.
sulking 
The organization of environmental sanitation self-management teams in villages and hamlets is quite feasible.
From these solutions, the annual rate of poor households in the commune decreased compared to the set target.
orders
Among them, 15 borrowed capital from the district Socialist Bank with the amount of VND1 billion (437 million).
flashing,
Okay, now,
The People's Committees have well implemented the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws, especially stepping up the implementation of learning and following the example of Uncle
li li,
down,
The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Department of Health shall, within the ambit of their assigned functions and tasks, take the initiative in coordinating with the Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station, Binh Dinh Newspaper and mass organizations in enhancing the dissemination of information on the dangers of rabies, avian influenza, FMD in cattle and blue-eared pigs.
It's just a sprain.
eye whites 
In 2019, the Military Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has well performed its advisory function in leading and directing the performance of local defense and military tasks.
Decision on spending levels for longevity wishing, celebrating and giving gifts to the elderly in Binh Dinh province
Among them, 32 people were ranked as good (57.1%); 22 people were ranked as good (39.2%) and 2 people were ranked as average (3.6%).
BCDs
In recent years, thanks to the attraction of investment resources, many civil works are invested in construction, the life of people in Vinh Thuan commune has been stabilized and is gradually being raised.
(chicken) drum 
My cattle and poultry herd is growing more and more.
whiskey,
Coordinating agencies: Relevant departments, agencies and organizations. 
The stages of corn that very need water are 3-4 leaves, 7-10 leaves, whirlwind trumpet, spraying whiskers chalk and ripening milk. 
to call,
Why is it that,
During this period we only need to take care of normal young plants, combining factors that provide adequate water to keep the plants growing moisture. 
It is necessary to further step up the contracting of management and surveillance for people to protect and take care of... Thus, the struggle against forest thieves will have good results.
Proactively respond to climate change and natural disasters with increasingly unfavorable trends; implement measures to prevent and combat storms and floods, closely monitor weather developments in order to work out solutions to respond to and promptly remedy consequences of storms and floods; organize production for the Winter-Spring 2019-2020 crop to reach and exceed the targets set out in the plan;
thanks,
Farmers in Vinh Hao Commune trusted the Transaction Office of VBSP of the district over 12 billion VND
Digging with what?
In 2019, Vinh Hiep Commune People's Committee has directed specialized sectors to coordinate with commune associations to propagate the Forestry Law.
healthy,
customary,
At the ceremony, Vinh Thanh District Police announced and handed over the Decision to transfer 20 full-time police officers of the District Police to assume the titles of Chief, Deputy Chief and Police officers in 5 communes and townships.
Don't drink plain water.
Participating in the model with 30 members who are women's members in Vinh Thanh town, the first step in implementing the model has been supported by a large number of women.
poverty,
Vocational training for rural workers is considered a key point contributing to sustainable poverty reduction
fortune,
There are currently 8 collaborators in the villages.
Organization and operation of the Advisory Board
Twice receiving financial support for housing construction, more than anyone else, he understood the care of the Party, the State and social organizations for policy families.
Having contributed to strengthening relationships, introducing the diversity and richness of Vo Binh Dinh with provinces and cities throughout the country and with more than 30 countries and territories in the world.
dexterity 
Slope
to belly 
On Saturday morning, his parents went down to Quy Nhon to visit the sick Uncle Cuong. He had to watch the house. Before he left, his mother said,
You're a good trapper.
Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee
Chairpersons of provincial Cooperative Alliances; Chairpersons of provincial Farmers' Associations; Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities; heads of agencies, units and relevant organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision./. 
Tasks: Importing, purchasing copyright of new varieties; selection of leading plants, selecting dominant plants;
Firewood ash
Dad asked Deck: 
Every year after harvesting, it is necessary to create a canopy, prune branches to limit egg-laying adults, regularly visit the garden to check.
To expand the storage of around 45, 000 - 52, 000 plant and livestock gene sources; to evaluate and exploit gene sources in order to effectively serve the research into, selection, creation and production of breeds.
To provide package supports for forest tending, management and protection; to purchase vaccines for animal disease prevention and control;
In 2019, the Military Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has well performed its advisory function in leading and directing the performance of local defense and military tasks.
Smooth
During the period from April 1 to 20, 2020, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district has called for support from agencies, units, enterprises and individuals inside and outside the district to participate in Covid-19 prevention and control in the form of cash support or support for means of prevention and control.
To proactively coordinate with the provincial Radio and Television Station, Binh Dinh Newspaper, associations and mass organizations in enhancing the dissemination of information on the dangers of avian influenza, FMD in cattle, African swine fever and rabies.
Pursuant to the Official Dispatch No. 2054/UBND-VX dated June 11,2012 of the provincial People's Committee on inspection of implementation of credit policies for students 
The two brothers,
- Socio - political organizations and mass organizations;
Traditional martial arts instructors and practitioners are quite powerful, but the number of practitioners is small (nearly 50% of the total number available).
Homeland security
Where do they sell clothes?
not finished,
The work of building prosperous, progressive and happy families has always been deeply concerned by the village's Campaign Board and achieved many positive results.
Be careful,
- For Tay Son and Hoai An districts and the remaining communes of mountainous districts, it shall be 40% of the approved construction and installation value;
Activities of the province
I asked her: How many months is a year?
north,
The prestigious people in the communes and townships are also very excited to receive the attention and encouragement of the Party Committees and authorities and express their absolute confidence in the leadership of the Party, policies and laws of the State.
teeth
The volume of pure fertilizer converted into commercial fertilizer
Over the past years, while holding the title of Vice Chairman of the commune People's Committee under the project, with the attention and direction of the Standing Committee of the district Party Committee, the help of the specialized branches, the attention and coordination and facilitation of the Party Committee, the People's Council, the People's Committee and the National People's Committee of the communes under the scope of regulation of the project, creating conditions for the project team members to organize and effectively implement the Scheme on socio-economic development of the locality; implementing and well implementing the policies under Resolution 30a of the Government,
To inspect food safety conditions in meat at slaughtering, preliminary processing and preserving establishments, the pumping of water into pigs and cows at slaughterhouses;
Many women members in the commune have been exemplary in implementing, actively propagating and mobilizing their family members and villagers to follow.
One Thousand
To develop a number of economic sectors based on exploitation of marine biodiversity resources.
technician
There are still a small number of chemical jars and bottles of pesticides thrown out of the landfill, but there is no way to handle thoroughly.
Stage 3, from the 20th Provincial Party Congress to the 13th National Party Congress, focus on disseminating the Resolution of the 20th Provincial Party Congress.
To be provided with information and access to guidelines and policies related to children.
By 2015, to build 30 typical martial arts furnaces.
Accordingly, in order to proactively cope with complicated weather developments and improve the effectiveness of natural disaster and flood prevention and control, absolutely protect the safety of Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir and downstream areas in 2019,
The social and cultural fields have seen many positive changes.
Build compost collection systems, wastewater treatment, Biogas tunnels. Sources of organic fertilizer, post-treatment waste are fertilized for plants to improve productivity and soil fertility.
Recently, the entrustment of loans for policy credit programs through socio-political organizations including the Farmers' Association, the Women's Association, the War Veterans' Association and the Youth Union in Vinh Thanh district has mobilized the strength of the entire political system to help the poor and other policy beneficiaries.
Part 2: Traditional martial arts - Country companion. 
To mobilize breeders to detect and promptly report on epidemics to veterinary agencies and local administrations;
Great, I'm going to the market too. Let's go together!
For uncultivated hilly and mountainous land, trees must be cut down and rooted before they are dug up into terraces in place to limit soil erosion and wash away in the rainy season.
love each other,
Leaders of Vinh Thanh district visited and congratulated Vietnam Teachers' Day
In addition, within the framework of the project, at the beginning of this year, the district health center has also received and allocated 5,300 chemically impregnated mosquito nets for people in communes and townships in the district to prevent and combat malaria.
Many women members in the commune have been exemplary in implementing, actively propagating and mobilizing their family members and villagers to follow.
sucking,
close to,
All deployment targets have been achieved and completed early compared to the set schedule.
After signing contracts for renting dormitories for students, project investors shall make and send complete lists of eligible applicants to Binh Dinh Construction Department for inspection (post-inspection).
in the daytime
Section 4: Sightseeing fees in the Regulation on amendments to some fees and charges in Binh Dinh province
To minimize drowning, especially drowning children, the universalization of swimming and drowning prevention knowledge and skills for children is an urgent solution.
Quantity and positions to be recruited: detailed in the Appendix attached to the Plan.
sugarcane
This Circular applies to preschool institutions eligible for implementing the Program as approved by People's Committees of districts.
To coordinate with provincial - level Information and Communications Departments, press agencies, radio and television stations and mass organizations in enhancing the work of television broadcasting for people to fully understand, agree with and actively participate therein.
The Youth Union Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized the 8th Congress of the Vietnam Youth Union of Vinh Thanh district, tenure 2019-2024 
(eats) amateur 
Over the past time, the Party Committee and the authorities of M2 Village, Vinh Thinh Commune have strengthened the propagation and mobilization of villagers to properly implement the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and laws, the village conventions.
In Binh Dinh, the survey will be conducted in 53 communes and 95 localities in five districts: An Lao, Vinh Thanh, Van Canh, Hoai An, and Tay Son.
And create favorable conditions for Council members to fully participate in the activities of the Children's Councils in the provinces and centrally.
Principles and conditions for implementation of the Program
homeowners,
According to Decision No. 48/2010 / QD-TTg of the Prime Minister in Binh Dinh province.
Thank you.
Shade
The tradition of solidarity, mutual support, love and assistance among ethnic groups is promoted in the cause of hunger eradication and poverty reduction
In the course of implementation, irregular meetings may be held when tasks are performed.
Recommendations, proposals and supervision of implementation of recommendations in the coming year.
In the villages of the Barnabas, the rice was plentiful in the storehouses next to the house. This year the season was good. Every village was busy preparing a festival to celebrate the new rice. At night, every house burned a bright fire. The sound of the mortar pounding the rice mixed with the sound of children playing hide-and-seek and giggling.
To bring into play the effectiveness of animal epidemic prevention and control, protection of people's health and sustainable animal husbandry development.
By afternoon they had grown a big pile of rice. His father looked at him and said, "It's been a good year. We're not hungry anymore. We're going to buy him a nice uniform."
In which there are many important construction investment projects such as investment in upgrading, expanding and building 09 new routes into the production area, with a total length of more than 6.5km; new construction of 1.2km of canals in the field; or construction of the commune sports area... 
Injury
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 29/2012/ND-CP dated April 12,2012 on recruitment, employment and management of public employees;
Visiting a number of policy families in the district, the comrades graciously asked for health status, talked with comrades wounded and sick soldiers and wished them good health and longevity to continue to serve as a spiritual fulcrum for the next generation in preserving and promoting revolutionary traditions.
Ksô naêr 30/9, UBND huyeân Vinh Thanh pôlok Hoâi nghi toâng keât tôdrong ñieâu tra daân soâ oeng hnam oei sônaêm 2019. 
With the achievements, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune is highly appreciated by the Party Committee and the government for its role in agricultural development and building a new countryside. The district Farmers' Union has been recognized as a strong and excellent unit for many years.
In the coming time, in order to achieve the 2020 targets, Military Service Boards of districts shall actively cooperate with relevant departments and organizations in enlisting soldiers.
pop cotton 
One day, from nowhere, there was a group of monkeys in the field destroying cassava. He was very angry, trying to drive the monkeys away to protect the cassava. He went to find crabs in the stream, crushed them, marinated them and smeared them on him. After that, he went to the field, lying under a fallen tree.
(chicken) roof 
In response to the call for all people to participate in Covid-19 prevention and control of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam,
bowed head,
to build a strong and clean political system
This is the attention and recognition of the Party for the process of training, striving and dedication and sacrifice of the Party members to the glorious revolutionary cause of the Party and the nation.
The actual situation of exercising children's rights, especially children's right to participation; acts of violating children's rights in localities.
(plant) dumping 
On this occasion, the district People's Committee awarded certificates of merit to 16 team members with outstanding achievements in learning and teamwork in the academic year 2019 - 2020.
To assume the prime responsibility for reviewing, implementing and supplementing the master plan on development of the agriculture sector and key agricultural products and key agricultural production areas.
In recent years, our Party and State have enacted policies to promote children's right to participation,
Get out of here.
Rainy season
uncomfortable
Advising the provincial People's Committee in searching for crew members and rescuing transport ships in distress due to rain and storms.
After considering the Report No. 92/TTr-UBND dated November 24,2011 of the provincial People's Committee on the approval of the Scheme for adjustment of public tuition fees,
Organizing 9 patrols with 545 participants, detecting and making records of 05 violations.
To build a strong militia and self-defense force and a strong reserve force with strengthened and enhanced potentials in the defense zone; to raise the combat readiness and training level of the district militia and self-defense force
Look up.
lotus,
Announcement of recruitment of public employees on the mass media, listing and posting on the website of the provincial People's Committee 
From 2016 to the end of 2018, 103 works and work items have been repaired and upgraded with the construction investment of around VND 2, 190 billion, including: (i) 11 reservoirs; 33 canals; (iii) 02 pumping stations; (iv) 08 spillways; (v) 49 river and sea dikes.
There are still a small number of chemical jars and bottles of pesticides thrown out of the landfill, but there is no way to handle thoroughly.
Housing works and projects subject to land recovery for socio - economic development in the national and public interests: There are a total of 1, 524 projects subject to land recovery by the State for socio - economic development in the national and public interests with a total area of 8, 561.87 hectares.
The province will build 165 reservoirs with a total capacity of 589.5 million m3, 274 spillways, 258 pumping stations, 238/657 km of dikes and embankments (36%) and 2,061.7/4,816 km of canals and ditches (42.8%).
The congress is an opportunity to re-evaluate the effectiveness of ethnic policies in the past 5 years, while honoring typical examples of ethnic minority people in socio-economic development, security and order.
with 
Groups
In the first 9 months of 2019, Vinh Thanh district has 10 workers participating in labor export to work overseas for a definite time through the Job Center under the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs of the province.
Supporting the development of education and training
see,
bracing
channel gong
(In the pilot period, the term of the Children's Council shall be determined from its establishment to the end of 2020.)
On the website of the provincial People's Committee 
The contents of
In order to accelerate the progress of national targets on building a new countryside, the Party Committee and People's Committee of Vinh Son commune have propagated and mobilized people to launch the movement "Join hands to build a new countryside", mobilizing organizations and individuals to donate to the movement to build a new countryside.
Thereby, the prestige and position of the CCB is also increasingly confirmed.
chopsticks both,
At the same time, helping children express their opinions and aspirations and assisting agencies and organizations related to children in perfecting the process of formulating guidelines and policies on children.
bow bow
Pursuant to Decision No. 2164/QD-UBND dated June 19,2017 and Decision No. 1791/QD-UBND dated May 29,2018 of the President of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province (Appendix 02 enclosed herewith);
Total investment capital: 
To contribute to changing the face of rural areas and promoting socio-economic development in the locality.
From Vinh Thanh district to Vinh Son commune, there is only a small road, about thirty kilometers long.
On a number of policies to encourage and support fishing and aquaculture and fishing services in remote sea areas;
Over the past years, Vinh Hao commune has proposed many synchronous solutions to shorten the poverty reduction roadmap, promote economic development, constantly improve the material, cultural and spiritual life of the people, maintain security and social order and safety.
Thereby, 89 members participated in the model of saving and building rice jars with the amount of nearly 7 million VND and 297 kg of rice.
Mr. Vuong Truong Quan, Vice Rector of Nguyen Hue High School, Tay Son District
Dinh Thi Thuy Hang expressed her feelings like this 
Therefore, the continued support in many aspects to improve the material and spiritual life of mountainous people is necessary.
Mr. Tran Dinh Chuong - Deputy Director of Department of Science and Technology;
Workers are also consulted about the benefits when participating in labor export, the support policies of the State for workers to work abroad... 
The COVID-19 control checkpoint in Go Lei was established on 2.4.2020 with the Health, Military, Traffic Police and Youth Union forces, tasked with controlling, measuring body temperature, making health declaration and travel history.
Mr. Nguyen Xuan Son - Deputy Chief Inspector of the province;
Organize training for volunteers serving the festival.
Weeding and tilling: To limit nutritional competition between grapes and grasses, to actively prevent pesticides and diseases, it is necessary to weed regularly and till the soil to make the soil loose and breathable.
On this occasion, we would like to introduce an article on the changes in the lives of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district.
At the meeting, in addition to reviewing the glorious tradition of the Vietnam Women's Union in the past 89 years, representatives of the leadership of the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune reported on the results of the activities of the commune Women's Union in the past time and noted that with the help and support of the Women's Union, the Trade Union of the Office of the provincial People's Committee materially helped many members of the commune are minority people in difficult highlands, with stable conditions and family economic development, contributing to the goal of hunger eradication and poverty reduction of the locality.
How about you go get Daddy and take Mom to the infirmary?
replication of models, effective ways of renewal; 
Funding from domestic and foreign organizations and individuals and other legal sources;
You know, we go hunting not only to eat meat but also to protect the crops. Hunting is also an opportunity for the Barnanese boys to show their talent and courage.
- Manure: 20 – 30 kg, Superphosphate: 0.5 – 0.7 kg, Lime powder: 0.3 – 0.5 kg (If there is no manure, fertilize with 5 – 7 kg of microbiological fertilizer).
To coordinate with the concerned branches in organizing activities for children to reflect their thoughts, aspirations and proposals to the Council's members who are studying and living in their respective localities or units;
to promulgate the Regulation on building communes, wards and townships up to the standards of access to law (Decision No. 619/QD-TTg);
gongs,
Intermediate or college degree in library or other relevant major.
The tiger.
Export workers are mainly located in Korea, Taiwan and Japan.
With more than 5 poles of her parents' land for when she was newly married, Luan embarked on growing glue but due to the long mining cycle, the first years of living separately, she and her husband faced many difficulties.
The Director of Relic Management Board shall be appointed and dismissed by the Director of the Service of Culture, Sports and Tourism after having the written consent of the Director of the Service of Home Affairs.
Learn the culture of ethnic groups to honor the "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" in Binh Dinh.
To organize offshore aquaculture combined with protection of security and sovereignty over the sea and islands.
It is known that the duration of the course is 2 months, the learners participating in this class are supported training costs and meals during vocational training as prescribed.
2018: 355.104.949 VND 
facials 
Infrastructure works in service of people's production and life shall be invested and constructed, creating conditions for people to develop their economy and society.
Do not scatter plants to create a food source for worms to survive from one crop to another. Catch worms by hand, cut off the egg nest and destroy. 
Tourist arrivals reached 10 million, revenue reached VND 25 trillion. 
Encouraging and developing the economy according to the models
Directors of provincial police departments and commanders of provincial military commands 
Members are exemplary in observing the Party's line and the State's policies and laws, always taking the lead in emulation movements to build a cultured lifestyle and maintain security and social order in their localities.
At the training, farmers were trained by Dr. Sravani - expert in food safety and Dr. Fran - expert in post-harvest technology to communicate food safety requirements while harvesting and post-harvesting vegetables.
In which, there are models of thrift practice 
Cow breeding, cow breeding and raising: VND 6,202,351,450,000 
swimming (water) 
Accordingly, students of lower and upper secondary schools; students of Vinh Thanh district vocational education and training center go back to school from April 27, 2020.
The State encourages organizations and individuals to mobilize their own capital or joint venture or association capital for investment in the development of beef cow breeding in the chain (breeding production - meat rearing - slaughtering, processing - consumption ).
In the past, the awareness of people, especially ethnic minority people about reproductive health care was very limited, when pregnant to childbirth women often deliver at home is quite common.
Over the past 8 years of implementing the Program on support for fast and sustainable poverty reduction under Resolution No. 30a, in general, some positive aspects have been achieved such as:
The management and protection of forests in the locality faced many difficulties.
Rear view
Over the past years, with the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has formulated and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas in association with hunger eradication and poverty alleviation with the motto "Focusing on mobilizing resources for socio-economic development, especially investment in socio-economic infrastructure development in mountainous areas."
The timely disbursement of capital sources for members to borrow, making an important contribution to the effective implementation of hunger elimination and poverty alleviation programs in localities.
In order to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of food safety and quality management;
Fertilize: At the young stage, fertilize periodically 10 days / time over a period of 3 months, the amount of fertilizer for each plant 10g Ure + 10g NPK type (12:5:10).
At the same time, cooperate with authorities, unions, communes, towns and members of Military Service Boards of districts in encouraging the people to fulfill their citizen's obligations;
Consolation
kelp (corn) 
tilt tilt 
In order to accelerate the progress of national targets on building a new countryside, the Party Committee and People's Committee of Vinh Son commune have propagated and mobilized people to launch the movement "Join hands to build a new countryside", mobilizing organizations and individuals to donate to the movement to build a new countryside.
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities; Chairpersons of provincial cooperative unions; Chairpersons of provincial farmers' unions and heads of relevant agencies shall implement this Decision from the date of signing./. 
Candidates who correctly answer 50% or more of the questions for each part of the round 1 exam shall continue to take the round 2 exam.
Regarding the tasks in the coming time, Vinh Kim commune focuses on enhancing the diversification of movements, propagating the contents of building a new countryside for the people to understand and respond to, improve the achieved targets, advise the superior functional branches to have support to bring efficiency to agricultural production; invest in building models of agricultural production in order to transfer scientific advances to the people; solve the output for agricultural products in the locality, contributing to raising incomes for the people.
The work of building and strengthening the organization of the Vietnam Fatherland Front has been steadily developed in both scale and quality.
The peanut varieties used in this crop are HL14, TB25, HL25, Cockroach peanuts; the corn varieties used are the likes of; Bi ô sit 9698, CP 333, PAC 999.
In promoting Children's Right to Participation in Children-Related Matters 
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 76/2004/QD-TTg dated May 06,2004;
The emulation movement "Nice stadium" associated with the grassroots emulation movement is implemented by localities and units, making important contributions to local socio-economic development.
This Decision takes effect 10 days after its signing;
Actively study, improve legal knowledge, participate in domestic violence prevention in each member and community.
Eighty-four.
young teens
To concentrate on stepping up the development of concentrated specialized production zones, attaching importance to plants of economic value
Contributing to promoting hunger eradication and poverty reduction in localities
It's so big.
Regarding the distribution of capital sources for rural clean water works: Distributed according to Decision No. 36/2018/QD-UBND dated July 20, 2018 of the provincial People's Committee promulgating the Regulation on a number of preferential policies and investment support for construction of rural clean water supply works in the province..
In order to help farmers' members access to preferential capital sources for investment in production and business development, for many years, the district farmers' association has coordinated with the district bank for social policies in well implementing the provision of loans to poor households and social policy beneficiaries, considering this a key task of the association.
Left Side
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Culture and Sports, People's Committees at all levels shall implement according to the responsibilities and management scope specified in Decision No. 22/2018/QD-TTg.
Under the national education system and the policy on exemption, reduction and support of learning costs from the academic year 2015 - 2016 to the academic year 2020 - 2021;
In particular, the Resolution of the 4th Party Congress of Vinh Thuan commune, the 2020-2025 tenure sets out the following objectives: The average economic growth rate will increase by 14.9%; to strive to raise the average per-capita income to VND 20 million/person/year; the rate of poor households will annually decrease from 6 to 7%; the rate of trained rural labor will reach over 40%; budget revenues will increase by 8% or more; 20% of Party cells will be clean and strong or stronger each year, without weak ones; the rate of admission to the Party will annually reach 5-6% of the total number of Party members.
The Coordinating Office of the Provincial NTM Program provides training to improve the capacity of NTM officers in Vinh Thanh district.
Along with Mr. Truong Dong Hai - Deputy Director of the Department of Culture and Sports, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao - Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee received and worked with the delegation.
The inspection teams shall dissolve by themselves after fulfilling their tasks.
Seafood processing
Besides, the implementation of the Regulation on grassroots democracy continues to be well observed and implemented by Party Committees at all levels, building a coordinative relationship between administrations, sectors, the Fatherland Front and mass organizations in propagating, mobilizing and coordinating the settlement of problems arising among people.
the preparation of the new school year 
stepfather - mother's stepfather
To assign probation instructors to successful candidates after obtaining results approval decisions of provincial-level People's Committee presidents under regulations.
He went and caught crabs in the stream, and crushed them, and marinated them, and smeared them on his body.
Before each crop, Vinh Thanh district sends agricultural officials to share the field, coordinate with the local government to organize training for people how to make soil, soak seedlings, fertilize and care processes.
Twist
In the locality in the province 
To educate and build militia forces with firm political stance, sense of responsibility, willingness to receive and fulfill assigned tasks, truly being political forces, loyal and reliable fighting forces of the Party, local administrations and people.
From a number of small-scale farming households, until now, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh irrigation lake has developed into a professional association of cage fish farming with high economic efficiency.
slender
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Natural Resources and Environment Departments and related departments, sectors and localities in, reviewing and reviewing the legal system on sea and islands and proposing amendments and supplements to this system in order to fully implement the contents of Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU and Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW.
In order to take advantage of the best season, relatives should prepare seedlings for planting in the gourd, when the plants meet the standards, they will be planted in the field, both solving the seasonal stage, while ensuring a high survival rate.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 90/2006/ND-CP dated September 06,2006;
The Party's policies and the State's laws in all fields of the Board's activities.
Implementation time: All year. 
To relocate aquatic product processing plants in Quy Nhon city into industrial parks and clusters and concentrated processing zones.
Did you just come up?
To create a fundamental change in the sense of law observance and compliance in society.
PTDT
The National Target Program on Sustainable Poverty Reduction in recent years has brought practical results, helping poor and near-poor households to rise up in life.
General principles
Do not sublease or transfer the contract, if the violation will be cancelled the contract, notify the school where the student is studying for handling measures in accordance with the law.
Afternoon
Recently, Vinh Kim Commune People's Committee has directed forestry officials to coordinate forest rangers and protection forest management boards in charge of the area with departments and mass organizations in the commune to propagate PCCCR regulations, the Forestry Law and relevant documents for 6/6 villages, with 1,098 attendees.
group (person) 
To concentrate on stepping up the development of concentrated specialized production zones, attaching importance to plants of economic value
rice paddy 
This is the first square-headed perch model deployed by the provincial Agricultural Promotion Center in Vinh Thanh province.
At the same time, this helps officials of grassroots farmers associations have more knowledge and skills to propagate and disseminate the work of ensuring traffic safety, prevention and combat of crimes, drug prevention and combat and black credit forms for members and people of all strata in the locality to know and understand better to avoid violations.
Promulgated together with the Government's Decree No. 39, showing the Party's and State's interest in poor ethnic minority women who give birth to children under the population policy.
Decision on the establishment of the Organizing Committee of Binh Dinh Summer Tourism Festival 2017
oldest teens
On February 12, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune successfully organized the 4th congress, the term 2020 - 2025.
fast,
sitting down,
Currently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh district has been entrusted to provide loans to poor households at the Transaction Office of the Social Policy Bank of the district with loan turnover of more than VND 113.8 billion/2.524 loans.
Thus, from the beginning of the year, Vinh Thanh district has received a total of 4,900 sets.
Mr. Phan Trong Ho - Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Ms. Luong Thi Xuan Tam, Deputy Head of Preschool and Primary Education Division, Department of Education and Training.
Yeah, I'm coming tonight, but I'm warning you, I'm only coming for a little while, I'm not staying late.
When do you guys usually go hunting?
State Bank branch in Binh Dinh province
By 7: 20 p.m., Vinh Thanh district completed the handover of troops to achieve 100% of the above targets.
- Having Vietnamese nationality and residing in Vietnam;
the (projected) 
teach,
Strengthen the active surveillance of livestock and poultry epidemic, especially in areas where the epidemic has occurred and high-risk areas for early detection, warning and definitive handling when the epidemic is detected;
Each martial arts studio must not exceed VND 30 million to renovate the gym and purchase equipment and tools for training.
Article 10.-Amendments and supplements to the Regulation
Fresh water 
The heads of the provincial services, departments, branches and mass organizations, the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts and cities shall have to implement this Decision.
To guide and organize the implementation of the Plan to achieve the set objectives, targets and schedule;
In addition, the Association coordinated with the State Bank branch in Vinh Thanh district to establish 13 more loan organizations in communes and townships with a total outstanding debt of VND 18 billion.
The district shall act as the investor and have to direct and allocate funds for ground clearance,
Brightness
Mr. Nguyen Xuan Trang - Specialist of Department of Education and Training.
To invite leaders of the Government, a number of ministries and central branches, and a number of provinces and cities in the country.
If there's a wildfire, we'll all put it out.
Visiting policy families in the district, you graciously asked about the situation, talked with comrades wounded and sick soldiers and wished you good health, continued to make many valuable contributions to building the Party and government at all levels more and more clean and strong, and a bright example to educate revolutionary traditions for the young generation in the construction and defense of the Fatherland.
Credit policy for enterprises applying high-tech agriculture in seed production
Emulation movements at the grassroots level attract many members, unionists and people to participate in such campaigns as "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", "Build a clean five-star and three-star family", "Companion with the youth in establishing themselves and their careers", "Volunteer for community life", "peasant emulation for good production and business", etc., contributing to raising people's living standards and reducing the rate of poor households according to the set annual targets.
To inspect food safety conditions in meat at slaughtering, preliminary processing and preserving establishments.
Advise the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on issuing the decision on establishment of the Binh Dinh Children's Council in the 2017 - 2020 period.
Compared with the recruitment result of the successful candidate whose recruitment result has been cancelled,
harm,
Collecting and editing Binh Dinh traditional martial arts, publishing books for storage and dissemination.
What kind of pomegranate,
burned,
Chapter IV. Implementation provisions
Training on coronavirus prevention and control for all village chiefs and health workers in the district
Ladies and gentlemen! Close to students through the school's movement activities, Ms. Le Thi Thuy Ha, Deputy Secretary of the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh High School is not only a teacher but also a companion with students on the way to study and practice.
Effects of shaping (shooting, pruning, canopy): Facilitate light penetration deep into the canopy, increase ventilation, increase the ability to fruit and limit the development of pests
National health programs are focused, health care for the people is well implemented
National health programs are focused, health care for the people is well implemented
Non-protein protein supplements for cows in the form of processing of licking platforms, straw annealing with urea... 
chase,
Along with stepping up the building and development of the Association, the loan activities, training and transfer of scientific and technological advances, creating jobs for members are always promoted by the Vinh Son Commune Women's Union.
Annually, the rate of eligible Party members who well fulfill their tasks will reach 90% or higher.
Of which, high-quality beef-oriented cross-breeding cattle are about 47 thousand, accounting for 16.3% of the total cross-breeding herd.
Grapefruit
empty rooftops
nymphs
After a while, he sneaks back to the house.
My hometown
Equivalent to the construction floor area of about 101,000 m2 of floor (standard 4 m2/student, use coefficient of 0.7-0.8).
Did you lose?
Dam safety has been gradually improved and challenged through heavy rains and floods. Currently, 25 damaged and degraded reservoirs that have not been invested in upgrading are at risk of dam safety in the coming rainy and flood seasons; 419 km of dikes, river and sea embankments have not been solidified.
child (person) 
Thanks to the active implementation of the above measures, the annual population and family planning work of the commune has always achieved encouraging results.
Weeding and clearing the garden at the end of the rainy season helps to facilitate the harvest of products.
spit on
At primary and lower secondary schools, to send them to finance agencies of the same level for inclusion in local budget estimates and submission to competent authorities for consideration and approval.
Up to now, 347 policy households in Vinh Thanh district have been supported to build new houses and repair houses, of which 142 are ethnic minority households.
There were also marked changes in the population, the sense of public hygiene was improved; good civilized lifestyle, thrift in weddings, funerals, Tet, festivals and other social activities.
(Enclosed with the Decision No. 1355/QD-UBND dated April 13,2020 of the President of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province)
The Association's movements are deployed more effectively and effectively, creating a good environment for the youth to train, experience, promote the spirit of shock, volunteerism and creativity, participate in socio-economic development and national defense.
the same,
grandchildren - children of grandchildren 
To review the operation of hydropower plants in the flood season, work safety and lowland flood prevention and control.
scolding,
By the above specific measures and methods, only from 2015 to now, out of the total 198 pregnant women in the area under management, there are 154 births at medical facilities and commune health stations, the remaining, despite delivering at home, are delivered by midwives and village health staffs, so the situation of pregnant women with infections and hemorrhage after birth seems to be no longer.
Alternating venues: Hoai Nhon, Phu My, Phu Cat, Tuy Phuoc and Quy Nhon City.
All officers, teachers, employees, students and learners are required to wear face masks while they are present at the school or class; have their body temperature measured before entering the school or class.
For the martial arts studios for visitors will be invested up to 150 million VND (expected about 6 martial arts studios). 
tear,
Vinh Thanh District has strengthened the Military Service Board of the district, properly and fully implemented the steps and stages in the selection and call-up of citizens for enlistment to ensure closeness, in accordance with the process, the right subjects such as: performance review, political and policy approval and organization of medical examination.
The examination plans of district-level agencies, which are identical to those of provincial-level agencies, shall comply with the specialized examination and inspection plans of provincial-level agencies.
pulling
You got the fastest firewood in the house.
Periodically report on the situation and results of implementation to the Ministry of Education and Training and provincial People's Committees according to regulations.
Article 8. Support for investment in construction of trade village infrastructure
In consideration of the written request No. 138/TTr-UBND dated November 26,2018 of the People's Committee of the province for approval for the list of works and projects using less than 10 hectares of paddy land;
curved S-shaped curves
At the model launch ceremony, each member was given a plastic handbag to use when shopping, limiting the daily use of plastic bags.
Are you crying cold?
With that way, all papers and dossiers sent to are quickly received, classified and appraised by officials and employees of the "one-stop shop" and "interlinked one-stop shop" sections in accordance with regulations for transfer to specialized sections for settlement.
To develop coastal urban centers such as urban centers along the banks of Thi Nai lagoon, Nhon Hoi, Nhon Ly and Cat Tien urban centers toward modernization in association with development of tourism and marine services.
The district has deployed many activities to prepare, respond to and overcome the consequences when natural disasters occur.
Running
Local forest rangers shall regularly approach people and grasp their feelings and aspirations in order to propagate, mobilize and change backward cultivation practices and awareness of people; intensify forest patrol and inspection; detect and promptly prevent illegal deforestation; raise the responsibilities of local forest rangers and forest owners in forest protection; authorities at all levels and branches shall quickly implement programs and projects on investment in production development, forest allocation, lease and contracted forest protection under the Government's Resolution 30a so that people can have stable incomes and associate their interests and responsibilities in forest management and protection.
shielding blow 
Through the cooperation with the transaction office of the branch of the Social Policy Bank of the district, up to now, the War Veterans Association in the district has helped more than 472 members borrow nearly VND 18,500 million.
Purpose and requirements
hardworking,
One day, he pretended to be carrying a knife early.
wind 
the island,
The patients were detected, treated promptly and were discharged home.
Article 1. Grant approval for funding for implementation of programs in the field of child protection and care in 2016 in provinces
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall: Formulate and implement the plan for development of beef cow farming in the 2015 - 2020 period in accordance with the orientation of local animal husbandry development and the general plan of the province. 
Status of irrigation infrastructure: 
In the first 6 months of the year, the Vietnamese Fatherland Front at all levels in the districts have continued to renew the contents and methods of operation, diversify the forms of gathering, building and consolidating the great unity of the entire people.
No, no, no.
Yes, probably from eating stale food. I took the pills, but it didn't go away.
Five of them.
On law dissemination and education
In addition, the district has also invested in upgrading the rural grid system under the REII project, raising the percentage of households using electricity for daily life to 99.2%; Completing the district's clean water supply system, raising the percentage of people using hygienic water to 97.5%.
deflated
100% of participants in the model signed a pledge to say no to black credit and domestic violence.
Although they are mostly Zebu crosses, their productivity and meat quality are low; crosses for high-quality meat only make up a very small proportion of the herd.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 2778/QD-UBND dated August 04,2017 of the President of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province;
shelves (home) 
loving (flying)
The Project Executive Board may use the seal of the provincial / municipal Education and Training Service for relations and transactions.
Seed Trading System
Connection with activities and programs of the country, regions and localities based on the actual local situation, specifically as follows 
Completely.
The sister units also support their relatives to overcome difficulties and stabilize their lives in many forms.
Through the training course, trainees are equipped with new knowledge about animal husbandry science and techniques, such as methods of using antibiotics and preventive medicines for chickens.
Snatch
For the relevant agencies under the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism: The Relic Management Board has a close relationship of coordination.
Breeding high quality beef cattle:
already (eaten) 
Currently, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district is focusing on the preparation of the 18th Party Congress of the district, the term 2020 - 2025 is expected to take place in August 2020. 
The training course is also an opportunity for farmers to exchange, share experiences and be consulted to answer difficulties and problems in reality.
At the same time, assigning tasks and guiding a number of key contents of the election organization.
ask for help 
Thereby, the material and spiritual life of ethnic minority people is shown to be increasingly stable.
Vinh Thanh District is focusing on effective use of potential, resources and investment capital to create a breakthrough in economic restructuring associated with socio-economic infrastructure development towards fast and sustainable development.
The annual assessment and review of leading and managerial cadres, classification of cadres, Party members and grassroots Party organizations must comply with regulations and guidance of superior authorities.
swine
Along with that, the Party building is also promoted attention 
Agencies competent to grant certificates of eligible establishments of food safety (certificates of food safety) comply with the principle that the agency that appraises shall grant certificates of food safety. 
In the course of implementation, this Plan shall be further adjusted and supplemented to suit the practical situation of the province.
Based on the data reported by the schools on the training scale, the demand for students to stay in dormitories in the current period and forecast to 2015 in Binh Dinh province;
(child) both 
There are fifty-four nations of our brothers.
later on,
too,
hole,
begging,
those,
Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development shall take charge and cooperate with relevant agencies in supervising and inspecting the implementation of this Plan.
Take action, it could be your loved one 
squinting (eyes) 
Especially ethnic minority households in the district, ensuring long-term sedentarization, overcoming the shortage of production land, preventing nomadic farming and invasion of forest resources.
Assist members of the Children's Council in consolidating proposals of children and sending them to the Standing Committee of the provincial Children's Council.
(shirt) there 
To effectively carry out the study contents and follow the ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style in raising the sense of responsibility against individualism in association with the implementation of the Central Committee's directives and resolutions on Party building.
To coordinate with and guide journalists, central and local mass media agencies in reporting on festival activities.
The implementation of programs and projects, especially the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies has always been well coordinated among all levels and branches in the course of implementation.
seven,
To continue renewing the contents and modes of operation of the Party Central Committee and socio - political organizations, promptly grasping the people's thoughts and aspirations in order to work out timely solutions.
The value of different scholarships for each level: Elementary level: 800 thousand VND / class; middle school: 1 million VND / class and high school: 1.2 million VND / class.
To contribute comments and propose amendments and supplements to legal documents on PBGDPL, the Law on Grassroots Conciliation, Decision No. 619/QD-TTg and Circular No. 07/2017/TT-BTP.
Washing
the ring,
WOMEN WOMEN
To make reports on urgent repair of ranked historical - cultural relics and submit them to competent agencies for approval and organize their implementation.
No buffalo.
(dog) barking 
The 7th session of the XIIth People's Council of Binh Dinh province
Circular No. 17/2018/TT- BNNPTNT dated October 31,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
tongue,
relatives 
The plan for recruitment of public employees working in secondary, primary and preschool education institutions in 2019 
At the request of the Director of the Department of Finance in the Statement No. 163/TTr-STC dated April 01,2020 
On politics, economy, culture, society, education, health, security and defense, hunger elimination and poverty alleviation... focusing on the following tasks :
poor,
To coordinate in preparing contents in service of the operation programs of the Children Councils.
exhausted,
Article 1. The List of replacement administrative procedures in the crop production sector under the management of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province is promulgated together with this Decision.
the south,
a wild boar,
The implementation of programs and projects, particularly the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies in Vinh Thanh district, has always had good coordination among all levels and branches in the implementation process.
That's twenty grand, sir.
in the morning
To implement the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction. In 2019, Vinh Thanh district will be allocated VND 10 billion 247 million from non-business capital sources to support production development under the Government's Resolution 30a, to support production development for people in villages and communes meeting with exceptional difficulties in the district, including:
Recently, the Youth Union of Vinh Thuan commune has promoted the campaign "Youth at the forefront of the learning society", the campaign "Help each other make a career for rich people and a strong country".
The following article by Xuan Dung noted the care and construction of houses for social policy beneficiaries in the district.
stone (stone) 
pouring (water) 
In addition, the delegation also advised ethnic minority people in the locality how to prevent diseases, health care; methods to preserve water and living hygiene.
Many essential works have been completed and put into use, bringing practical efficiency, contributing to changing the face of rural areas, promoting socio-economic development, improving the material and spiritual life of people.
buy it,
Only the stone on which she sat appeared in a strange, beautiful inscription.
in time,
Bok Kien recalled: In order to promptly cope with the above situation, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee advocated to persistently mobilize the masses, making it clear to the people that My Diem is the evil enemy of both Kinh and Bana people.
Featured is the "garbage pit at home" model undertaken by commune women that has promoted efficiency, making the environment green - clean - beautiful.
peaceful,
lustful,
On this occasion, the provincial People's Committee also presented 10 gifts, each of 1 million VND, the district People's Committee also deducted funds to donate 50 gifts, each of 400 thousand VND for disadvantaged families in the district.
chicken coop
Within a year, he had another calf and more than a dozen piglets.
The Armed Forces
In implementation of the Humanitarian Month program in 2020, the provincial Red Cross has mobilized donors to actively participate in supporting and supporting the construction of houses for poor households with exceptional difficulties.
To share information among agencies in the Agriculture and Rural Development sector and between provincial and district levels
At present, I am going to the fifth grade in the village school. In the morning, I go to school. In the afternoon, I stay at home to help my mother with housework. Next year, I will go to school in the lower district. My family is now living very happily.
I don't know where you're going.
squirrel
Changing the structure of seeds and traditional cultivation habits, raising productivity, solving on-site food demands and contributing to ensuring sustainable food are the results achieved by the programs to bring hybrid rice to ethnic minority areas in the district.
Most of the people contracting forests are ethnic minority people, living still difficult.
the chair,
Lighting 
Limiting the use of plastic bags when going to the market and in daily life; changing the habits of people in regularly using plastic bags to contain food and daily life, using plastic baskets when going to the market, classifying waste, mobilizing women to participate in environmental protection
spit 
From the beginning of this year, the Station has organized medical examination and drug supply for more than 1, 300 patients, expanded vaccination achieved many results.
During the new term 2020 - 2025, the Communist Party of communes aims to further improve the leadership capacity and combat strength of grassroots Party organizations and the quality of Party members; promote democracy and the strength of the great unity bloc of the entire people; be dynamic, creative, mobilize and effectively use all resources for fast and sustainable socio-economic development; build communes to meet new rural standards.
Classification of colors there are two types 
Except for the related costs, a year will also be about 60 million VND 
The village drinks wine, eats buffalo and dances.
braided rings
Ensuring the right objectives, requirements, specific programs and activities
Shade Sails
Incineration
Overall objectives:
Squirting
Specific objectives:
When he arrived, Yao found too much wood. Yao quickly took the twigs and put them in his bucket. His mother looked at Yao and laughed.
Task assignment
obey,
Regularly add organic fertilizer and organic fertilizer; Currently, some gardeners have converted to use organic fertilizer and microbiological organic fertilizer up to 70% of the annual fertilizer for citrus fruit trees.
Accordingly, the time for investigation and review activities takes place within 35 days, the commune and township level must send reports on the results to the district level before October 20 for the district to summarize and send to the province.
To concentrate on well performing the recruitment work, ensuring publicity, transparency and prevention of negative phenomena.
wheat,
The People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall implement according to their responsibilities and management scope.
Then Mr. Đít called the victim's family to take them to the emergency hospital.
Economic development applies to ethnic minority areas.
Agencies competent to grant certificates of food safety knowledge shall adhere to the principle that the agencies that grant certificates of food safety knowledge shall grant such certificates.
slump (soil) 
(Crying) sobbing 
high rise
mites,
Kôn River
Every village is busy preparing new rice festivals.
The State is interested in upgrading and opening bypasses in Vinh Thanh township; at present, some people resettled in KLót Pók street are subject to the first relocation but so far there are no red books; requesting the State to allow people to exploit glue for the second time in the old K10, sub-zone 155, in the protection forest.
Subjects: Children aged 9 to under 16; agencies, organizations and individuals responsible for exercising children's rights.
To build epidemic-free zones in cross-bred cow breeding zones and high-quality beef cow raising zones.
The district health center has organized training for departments, branches, associations, unions and school health on disinfection measures.
Request of the Department of Finance in Document No. 2974/STC-HCSN dated October 28,2013 
At the end of the course, 100% of students completed their tasks and were granted certificates of retraining the course program.
In the course of organizing the plan implementation, if necessary to amend or supplement specific contents, the concerned provincial/municipal Services, departments, branches, agencies, units and localities shall promptly propose them to the provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services for sum-up and report to the provincial/municipal People's Committees for consideration and decision.
Rural infrastructure is increasingly strengthened, rural people's lives are significantly improved, contributing to the stability of security and politics in rural areas.
To directly express ideas and propose recommendations on issues related to children to competent authorities.
With regard to the foot of lowland fields, soil shall be sown wherever the water recedes. Villages shall arrange appropriate sowing time for each area to avoid the disadvantages of the weather and strive to finish the sowing by the end of January 2020.
The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development shall monitor developments of water sources, assess drought and saltwater intrusion and disseminate to the people to actively respond; adjust production seasons, formulate water supply plans and disseminate water - saving irrigation methods to localities in summer and autumn.
He saw a woman in a white uniform, about thirty years old. His mother said it was a doctor. The doctor asked his mother,
squirrel
When the cuttings are finished, use an umbrella to water the bed evenly. The amount of water should be just enough to keep the soil moist during the planting process.
cutting 
Amendments to the Decision No. 44/2018/QD-UBND dated August 28,2018 of the People's Committee of the province
At 6 a.m. sharp, the new recruits are in position,
To request the provincial Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee to coordinate with one another in implementing the program and activities on "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" in Binh Dinh province.
The district has chosen and used VNPT-iGate single-window software provided by VNPT Group to ensure interconnection with the Public Administrative Service Center of the province in handling administrative procedures.
It can be seen that the implementation of learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in Vinh Hiep commune over the past time, has created a strong change in the perception and consciousness of officials, Party members and people of all strata.
the stork,
sparse,
At the same time, the district will plan and encourage people to raise fish in the form of semi-intensive farming, natural stocking at the irrigation lakes Ta Nien (Vinh Thuan commune), Ha Nhe (Vinh Hoa commune), Hon Lap (Vinh Thinh commune), Tra Xom (Vinh Son commune).
With the practice of deforestation still existing, in recent years in the district there have been many cases of illegal deforestation causing significant damage to the forest area.
There are many members participating in the emulation movement to follow Uncle Thrift to help each other reduce poverty sustainably with the amount of nearly 30 million VND
At the same time, to preserve and reserve enough raw and green fodder for cows in the dry and rainy seasons.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr. Dinh A Zon, Head of Ethnic Affairs Committee of the district People's Council, highly appreciated the district's efforts in the implementation of forest protection and development contracts in Vinh Kim commune in the past time;
The objective from 2009 to 2015 is to provide accommodation for 20,139 people out of 33,565 people (60% of students who need to rent housing).
Specialty: Processing specialty products; Consumption of specialty products.
To make periodical and extraordinary reports under Point b, Clause 3, Article 6 of this Decision.
Secretary: Ms. Cu Thi Ngoc Phuong, Deputy Head of Department of Education - Commune Office, Office of the provincial People's Committee.
The flute.
hand rub,
Urban areas, including wards of Quy Nhon city, wards of towns and townships of districts.
Brand format (brand logo, sologan, label stamps, packaging, leaflets.); Strategy to connect market consumption channels and build and promote the brand of high-quality beef and beef in Binh Dinh; Annual brand improvement assessment criteria toolkit.
Now it's a lot different, the village has concrete roads all the way to the production area, there are cultural houses, there are kindergartens, there are places for children to play, the elderly are sick, there is a health station nearby.
Assignment of implementation responsibilities
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Justice, People's Committees at all levels. 
To continue stepping up the program of activities "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" in Binh Dinh, gradually bringing these activities into order, practicality, creativity, innovation and high efficiency.
In order to proactively prevent and control dengue fever in the district, the district health center has also organized campaigns to kill larvae and larvae in the localities.
On behalf of the Standing Board of the district People's Council, Chairman of the district People's Council Dinh Dinh delivered the opening speech of the session.
Activities of the province
There is fire but less. In the dry season, people bake corn, burn bees, sometimes due to falling tobacco ashes.. not skillful forest fire right away. 
Movements always win the attention of all levels, sectors and the entire society.
In 2019, the campaigning work of the political system in Vinh Thanh district continues to be paid attention and directed by Party Committees at all levels and there are positive changes.
The State encourages all organizations and individuals to trade in plant varieties and animal breeds in order to supply enough quality varieties for production with the requirement that the establishments trading in varieties and animal breeds must satisfy the conditions prescribed by law.
edible sugar 
shout,
touching
Do not use herbicides in citrus orchards, only clean the root grass regularly, control weeds in citrus orchards by mowing or planting stray plants, use specialized nylon film to limit weeds.
In the coming time, with the initiative, creativity, self-reliance and self-reliance of the Party and people of ethnic minorities in the commune, Vinh Thuan will continue to promote the tradition of solidarity and build a more and more rich and beautiful homeland.
In the coming time, the Women's Union of Vinh Kim commune shall direct the grassroots chapters to determine, in order to be successful, first of all, to effectively propagate, attract listeners, so that women understand the purpose and important significance of learning and follow the example of Uncle
radiating out,
hold 
Prevent speculation, arbitrary price increase and handle violations as prescribed by law;
Standing on the anti-erosion embankment of the banks of the Kôn River is being built, everyone here feels very happy because from now on, the image of the flood often sweeps the forest trees rushing against the walls, or the landslides that carry crops into the Kôn River in each rainy season will no longer be.
To develop the network of commercial centers in association with the public transport network.
Weeding: Weeding in newly planted cashew orchards in the first years is important because weeds will compete for nutrients, light and water with cashews.
About growing crops
Pursuant to the Decision No. 47/2011/QD-UBND dated December 28,2011 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on approving the Scheme for universal preschool education for children aged 5 years in Binh Dinh province during 2011-2015;
Article 2.-Inspection teams have the following tasks :
On the morning of September 11, at the meeting hall of the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh town, the Provincial Farmers' Association in cooperation with the Farmers' Association of Vinh Thanh district organized a training course on ensuring traffic safety, drug prevention and black credit in 2019.
Choose soil: Soil is flat, with light mechanized components (mixed sandy soil, light meat), loose, not flooded, pH = 5 - 7 is the most appropriate.
Promptly supplementing the process of handling diseased cattle, biosafe husbandry process in accordance with the guidance of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
50% support for 05 plain districts and towns: Tuy Phuoc, Phu Cat, Phu My, Hoai Nhon and An Nhon.
turns 
The training course aims to help grassroots cadres engaged in the building of a new countryside fully and promptly update new central and provincial directions related to the building of a new countryside.
scrubber
Article 2. This Decision comes into force from May 25, 2020.
Have you been to the infirmary?
On the afternoon of October 30, Binh Dinh Petroleum Company in cooperation with the People's Procuracy of Vinh Thanh district organized the acceptance and handover of gratitude house to Pham Thi Xuan family, in Dinh Tri village, Vinh Hao commune.
Principles of support
Like the "5 no, 3 clean" movement, the "garbage pit at home" model undertaken by commune women has contributed to village roads and alleys are always green - clean - beautiful.
To date, the total value of industrial and cottage industry production in Vinh Thanh district is estimated at VND 62.2 billion, reaching 46.1% of the plan, up 28.9% over the same period.
He only wore a small rice basket.
Use farming methods (trimming branches and leaves of pests...) use biological pesticides, less toxic chemical drugs, do not use banned drugs and pay attention to the use of drugs according to principle 4 correct and pay attention to some types of pests
Efficiency of the Project
Convenient transportation, so the goods of relatives made by traders buy at a much higher price than before.
Minimizing violence against women and girls, especially sexual abuse against women and girls
Through this, you also noted that the Party Committee and local authorities often pay attention to the lives and circumstances of policy beneficiary families in the district, in order to provide timely assistance and help beneficiary families stabilize their lives.
Besides, some subjects take advantage of mountainous policies, resettlement to destroy forests for cultivation land, or to be compensated when there are hydropower construction projects.
painted (door) 
Winter-Spring 2019-2020, Vinh Hiep commune plans to sow 139.5 hectares of rice and 105 hectares of shallow crops. 
On the afternoon of January 15, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a conference to implement the resolutions of the district People's Council on the socio-economic development plan and state budget estimates for 2020.
wearing,
To promote the roles of members of the Advisory Board and maintain regular contacts with the Standing Board of the Children's Council for carrying out activities.
Plan on construction: From 2009 to 2015, to build about 101.000m2 of dormitory floors in two phases: 
Priority is given to investing in schools that represent a particular style or discipline.
Where there are difficulties related to personnel work, with the consent of the competent Party Committees, the congresses shall be convened with three contents, but the third content on the election of the new Party Committee level has not yet been carried out.
fights,
After the political consideration and approval, the district Military Service Councils shall coordinate with the concerned departments, branches and mass organizations in consolidating the dossiers, organizing the medical examinations and issuing orders to call for recruitment examinations.
Thanks to access to loans, many farmers in Vinh Thanh district have risen up to escape poverty sustainably and stabilize their lives.
Along with the establishment of models, commune women's associations also propagate and mobilize people to strictly comply with regulations on environmental protection, building a cultural lifestyle in residential areas, organize for women to participate in training courses to improve their understanding of the Law on Environmental Protection organized by the district; sign commitments to build "5 no, 3 clean" families, 3 standards of the emulation movement "Women actively study, work creatively, build happy families".
Mister, what are you doing splitting bamboo for?
harmful,
Mr. Nguyen Thanh Mong - Deputy Director of Department of Information and Communications;
Regulations on management of use and operation of dormitories for students shall comply with the guidance of the Ministry of Construction.
wear (shirt) 
Caterpillar fruit and seeds: Caterpillars often appear and infest the bean and fruit development stages causing damage to the yield and quality of cashews. Caterpillars attack the fruit at any stage causing the fruit to wrinkle and fall off.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs in the Statement No. 23/TTr-SLĐTBXH dated February 22,2016,
on a case-by-case basis (support in terms of infrastructure investment, credit, land and tax).
In addition, in each class, students should dilute chloramine solution to clean all desks, chairs and doorknobs.
To identify active ingredients of plant protection drugs used by people in the province;
Along with that, the list of vocational training is supplemented in accordance with the needs of the labor market and the requirements of local socio-economic development.
the rack
Over the past year, the Party Central Committees at all levels in districts have stepped up the implementation and actively propagated and mobilized people of all strata to study and follow the ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style with many practical jobs.
Mr. Le Duc Nha, Deputy Director of Binh Dinh Radio and Television;
Dangerous
Pursuant to the Government's Resolution No. 18/NQ-CP dated April 20,2009 on a number of mechanisms and policies;
For fields that do not actively irrigate, make 1 drainage trench for every 5-7 rows.
for what purpose,
Proactively cooperate with relevant departments and local governments in implementing schemes, projects and tasks for training and development of marine human resources and vocational training in coastal areas.
Implement PBGDPL for specific entities according to the Law on PBGDPL 
In fact, the fight against forest robbery in the locality shows that when the forest rangers are strong to hunt forest robbers, the deforestation of illegal trading and transportation of forest products there decreases, but after that, the situation is always there.
Accordingly, this time, the director of the provincial police dispatched 12 regular police officers of Vinh Thanh district police to assume the position of head and deputy head of communes and townships (of which 6 are heads of commune police); District police dispatched 8 regular police officers to receive the task of police officers in communes and townships including Vinh Quang, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Thinh, Vinh Hao, Vinh Kim and Vinh Thanh township.
Since the Lunar New Year, the Youth Union at all levels in Quy Nhon city has mobilized 40 peach trees from households,
The members of the Council that do not agree must specify the reasons.
Pursuant to the Law on State Budget dated June 25,2015 
Vinh Thanh is a mountainous district, with many ponds, lakes, rivers and streams, so the risk of drowning is very high.
titles
The coastal road of the province; the expansion of the road to Phu Cat airport
Speaking at the ceremony, the leaders congratulated the appointed comrades and assigned tasks in the new position must always uphold the sense of responsibility, constantly strive, study to improve professional qualifications; solve well the issues in the area; coordinate with the departments and unions to implement effectively the aspects of Public Security work, to ensure security and order in the commune.
the hump,
On Saturday morning, his parents went down to Quy Nhon to visit the sick Uncle Cuong.
To prevent this situation, the district People's Committee has recently issued a document requesting the relevant sectors, especially the district Health Department and Vinh Thanh District Health Center, to strengthen propaganda and guide people how to identify poisonous mushrooms and absolutely not to use wild mushrooms.
The following article by Xuan Dung noted the changes in the lives of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district from the support programs of the Party and the State.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26, 2003;
Children from 09 to under 16 years old.
watches,
When will we arrive?
The Central Propaganda Department shall implement the theme “Learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in 2020"
To consider the granting of red books on slash and burn land areas to ethnic minority households; to settle regimes and policies for people with meritorious services to the revolution; for many cases of unsuccessful certification due to cumbersome procedures.
Location: The People's Council of the province.
To raise the leadership and combat capabilities of the Party's grassroots organizations, continue to create clear changes in the quality of activities of the Party's Sub-Departments, making the Party's grassroots organizations strong in terms of politics, ideology and organization, and well perform their political tasks.
At the ceremony, the police of Vinh Thanh district announced and handed over the Decision to transfer 7 regular police officers of the district police to be transferred to assume the titles of Chief, Deputy Chief and Police officers in Vinh Son and Vinh Thuan communes..
or,
The value of the total local product is estimated to increase by 14.5% on average annually.
In implementation of Directive No. 35, dated 30/5/2019 of the Politburo "on the congress of Party committees at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party", the Party Executive Committee of the district issued Plan No. 66-KH/TU, dated 19.8.2019 on the implementation of the congress of Party committees at all levels.
In addition, the movement of all people protecting the public security in the district continues to be promoted, attracting a large number of officials and people in the localities to participate, arousing the strength and great potential of the people in the prevention and repression of crime.
Annually, submit a consolidated report on implementation of this Circular to the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development before September 15 for submission to the People's Committee of the province.
If the inspection plan of the district-level agency coincides with that of the provincial-level agency, the latter shall apply;
At the same time, reviewing the demand for antiseptic chemicals, proposing the provincial People's Committees to allocate funds for purchase, ensuring sufficient supply to localities, serving the community disinfection and detoxification to prevent the penetration and spread of pathogens. Inspecting and supervising these activities in localities.
Our Members
One of the bright spots in learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology and ethics on building thrift practice models is the Vinh Thinh Commune Women's Union.
In which, Vinh Thanh, Van Canh and An Lao districts each have 2 delegations, Tay Son, Phu Cat and Hoai An districts each have 1 delegation.
Article 6. Regulations on periodical and irregular information and reporting
Part 1: Honoring the enterprise. 
Yôl went to the garden today.
look,
old-fashioned
To propagate scientific and technological advances in cultivation and husbandry; and the people's experiences in production and business in escaping poverty and enriching themselves.
As a cultural, sports and tourism activities to honor the traditional values of the nation,
painful,
Citrus fruit trees are one of the main groups of fruit trees, giving high economic value. 
Using a mandrel or a container for the preparation, dip each bunch of berries into the medicine, asking for evenly wetted dipping of the bunch of berries. 
Pursuant to the Official Dispatch No. 3051/BGDDT-DANN dated May 09,2011 of the Ministry of Education and Training on the implementation of the Decision No. 1400/QD-TTg;
Support Levels
Every year, Ta Diek Village Advocacy Board always coordinates with the branches and associations to propagate, educate and persuade officials and people to well comply with the guidelines and resolutions of the Party, policies and laws of the State, actively participate in the movements in the locality.
Along with the propaganda for women, men are also identified to play a very important role in the care of reproductive health.
To make periodical and extraordinary reports under Point b, Clause 3, Article 4 of this Decision.
Decision No. 1290/QD-BNN-TCCB dated April 17,2015 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Cooperate with relevant departments and units in calling for and mobilizing funding from enterprises, organizations and individuals inside and outside the province for the festival.
In preschool institutions in Binh Dinh province from 2018 to 2020 (hereinafter referred to as Program).
At the same time, to increase supports for production development and livelihood diversification together with investment in infrastructure in poor communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties; to reduce support policies without conditions, increase support policies with conditions and preferential credits for production development, vocational training, employment generation and labor export.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 02 dated 5.1.2015 on approval for the project on survey and collection of information about socio-economic status of 53 ethnic minorities and the General Statistics Office's Decision No. 593 dated 30.7.2018 on the project on survey and collection of information about socio-economic status of 53 ethnic minorities in 2019.
Currently, 100% of highland communes have health stations.
Paid for
Using Droughtmaster semen to artificially breed Zebu-hybrid cows (>75% Zebu blood) in the locality to create F2 Droughtmaster hybrid cattle for meat farming and select good cows for breeding.
Where's Il's house?
Implementing the exemplary Veterans Emulation Movement, over the past time, many specific activities have been carried out by all levels of Veterans Associations in districts, close to the practical conditions in each locality, creating a positive change in thinking and actions of officials and members.
Quarterly, the district-level Education and Training Section and Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Section shall coordinate with one another in organizing polls and distributing questionnaires.
Squirt
have done,
Article 6. Support policies
the bottom,
For proposals of communes, the supervising delegations shall record them and give their opinions to functional branches.
- Expenses for production of original varieties, super-pure varieties, parental varieties, F1 hybrid seeds, propagation of forest trees by tissue culture methods;
In order to successfully implement the Winter-Spring crop 2019-2020, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district requests communes and townships to focus on fast and compact harvesting of seasonal rice to accelerate the implementation of the Winter-Spring production plan, while properly implementing measures to prevent malaria and epidemics for cattle and poultry flocks.
This is due to numerous support and investment policies through state programs and projects.
Total area allocated for management is: 13,685.45 ha, of which: forested land area is: 12,436.1 ha, natural forests: 11,262.3 ha; planted forests: 1,173.8 ha; coverage reaches 75.5%.
The owner of the fishing vessel after completing the voyage, completing the purchase of hull insurance, purchase of crew insurance, purchase of long-range HF communications machine, with built-in satellite positioning device (GPS);
Budget source: VND 1,371, 000, 000 (the funding source under the Health and Population Target Program supplemented by the central budget for the province in 2020:
Investor: Vinh Thanh District Protective Forest Management Board. 
To properly inspect and supervise the production and trading of plant varieties, agricultural supplies, fertilizers, plant protection drugs, animal feeds, veterinary drugs and aquatic products.
tested
clean,
O mih ma duch naê amem mônat! Lom lö sônaêm anu yuoâ ôu, tôdrong pôm Ñeâ an 24 ñông Trung öông hoâi noâng daân lôm tôjung pôm chi hoâi ngheâ nghieâp, toâi ngheâ nghieâp oei huyeân Vinh Thanh ôi tôdrong ngo hnhei pôgôl tô tam. 
Sexual abuse of women and children is a serious crime.
Head of the Steering Committee has assigned members and implemented the plan to respond to natural disasters of Dinh Binh reservoir.
Yôl and his mother went out to greet Uncle Cuong.
earlier,
Annually, the provincial Children's Councils shall organize the review and consolidation of cases where the children are over the prescribed age and for other objective reasons.
To direct and guide the Associations and their branches to work out plans and advise Party Committees and administrations at all levels and coordinate with local departments and branches in organizing activities in a coordinated manner to create a lively atmosphere for farmers and rural population communities to participate in environmental protection, biodiversity protection and green, clean and beautiful rural landscapes and environment.
To build new storm and flood prevention and control works such as flood roads and riverbank embankments.
How many thousand do you sell bananas?
weakness
Vietnam has an S-shaped curve. 
In the immediate future, to seek and foster typical and outstanding factors in pupils, students and education and training workers.
toad tree
Reflecting on the feelings of cadres, Party members and people in the province and Binh Dinh people outside the province about the results of Party congresses at all levels in the province; activities to celebrate the success of the XX Party Congress of the province.
- Having certificates of pedagogical fostering granted by competent units according to the regulations of the Ministry of Education and Training.
In the course of implementation of the Plan, if any problems arise, the agencies, units and localities shall :
My son,
According to the indictment, at around 6: 30 p.m. on April4, 2019, Dinh Dat, carrying a cabin gun and 7 rounds of ammunition, went alone to a forest near his home to visit a forest animal trap.
pointer 
Sources of socialization. 
To complete coastal tourist resorts and eco-tourism service points along Thi Nai lagoon and Mai Huong bay.
cranes
They were eager to come home to have children.
Has made the atmosphere of these days more vibrant and bold national traditions.
At present, Vinh Thuan commune encourages people to diversify crops and livestock; in which, the model of fattening cows and growing orange trees is being effectively applied by people.
Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of Vinh Thanh District People's Committee, said: "In general, the initial operation of one-stop software shows many practical benefits.
Chairman of People's Committee of Le Van Dau district requests heads of agencies and units and chairmen of People's Committees of communes and townships to direct cadres, civil servants and employees to strictly implement the working time into routine.
Congratulations and appreciation for the contributions of the Party members 
Article 1. Enclosed with this Decision is the list of 04 new administrative procedures in the field of animal husbandry under the management of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development according to the Decision No. 823/QD-BNN-CN dated March 16,2020 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
(cat) howling 
The drastic direction of the leadership of the district People's Committee, the advice of the Steering Committee of the district movement, the active participation of grassroots officials and the consensus of the majority of Party members, officials and people in the area, the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" has really come into life.
These peaches will be transported to Vinh Son Commune for planting.
Residence inspection for the number of workers working in Ta Suc industrial cluster, thereby detecting and administratively handling one case of non-compliance with regulations on stay notification, a fine of VND 200,000; guiding the registration of extension of temporary residence for 10 cases.
coldness,
She looked up, and there was a giant python in front of her, and its eyes were bright. When Min Di looked at it, he said,
With that guideline and motto, the people of Vinh Thanh ethnic groups have resolutely fought against the malicious plots and tricks of the enemy, combining political struggle with armed struggle to defend and attack the enemy.
Attention: The use of plant protection drugs must comply with the principle of "4 right" (right drug, right dose and concentration, right time and right way).
Through this project has really created new opportunities for workers to access to advanced scientific and technical levels, thereby enabling them to improve efficiency in production, contributing to improving people's lives.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in, inspecting and supervising the performance of state - level scientific and technological tasks on breed selection and creation.
On the occasion of preparing for the Lunar New Year 2020, the Provincial Party Committee Secretary wishes her relatives a good health, happiness and a better life than the previous year.
Heating
Working Mode and Relationships 
tease,
The reassignment of full - time police officers to Commune Police posts aims to effectively implement the Political Bureau's Resolution No. 22 of March 15, 2018, on further renewing and reorganizing the apparatus of the Ministry of Public Security into a streamlined, effective and efficient one.
Scale of 01 model (01 household): Raising from 5 - 10 cows (from 6 to 18 months old), planting 4,000 m2 (0.4 ha) of grass, and 01 composting hole.
There are specific objectives and solutions aimed at providing timely, accurate, easy-to-read and easy-to-listen information and implementing basic contents for ethnic minority people in mountainous areas to step by step raise their awareness, strictly abide by law, trust in the Party's leadership and the State's management and administration, and help people feel secure in labor and production and socio-economic development in their localities.
Rural trades development project
The Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district with the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized cities", the district Fatherland Front Association deployed the campaign "Build a clean five-star and three-star family", the Youth Union with the movement "Together with the youth in establishing themselves and making a career", "Volunteer for community life", the district Farmers Association with the movement of farmers working together to build a new countryside, farmers emulation of good production and business.
Is that a buffalo ranch?
ash (water) 
The main tasks 
The head of the Steering Committee shall use the seal of the provincial - level People's Committee and the standing deputy head of the Steering Committee shall use the seal of the provincial - level Agriculture and Rural Development Service to administer the Steering Committee's activities.
The Government's Decree No. 92/2017/ND-CP dated August 07,2017;
Methods of research
Implementing the emulation movement "Military Emulation" associated with the emulation movement at the grassroots level in recent years, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee directed the People's Committees of localities and units to focus on implementation, making important contributions to socio-economic development in the locality.
Decision No. 96/2009/QD-TTg dated July 22,2009 of the Prime Minister
Ministry of Planning and Investment
Presidents of People's Committees of districts and relevant organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision./.
(eats) and then,
To promulgate a framework of 6 levels of foreign language proficiency for Vietnam;
Provincial - level Economic Zone Management Boards shall guide measures to prevent and respond to natural disasters, ensuring safety of life and property in economic zones, industrial parks, production establishments and warehouses under their management.
Propagating and mobilizing poor households to actively participate in economic development while sharing experience in farming and animal husbandry.
Kon Trú Village, Vinh Kim Commune Organized the National Unity Day in 2019
It was brighter, higher, greener. The bare branches of the trees were sprouting and growing. Under the dried leaves the grass had begun to rot. The forest before them was no longer yellow. A young green was stretching out in the light of his eyes. The birds came back from nowhere and howled and howled in the back of the garden. They danced and tipped and looked and passed from branch to branch and seemed to be very happy.
In parallel with propaganda and education, it is necessary to step up the work of information, promotion and introduction of images.
To replicate poverty reduction models, including: implementing the project on replicating the chicken farming model on biological padding; the project on replicating the safe vegetable planting model and supporting the maintenance of works.
Based on the actual conditions of furnaces, the investment contents and levels are specified as follows :
deleted
Mobilize the forces of actors, martial artists and students to participate in training and performing the programs according to the approved scripts.
because,
He went to Quang Ngai to visit his relatives, he hasn't come back yet.
After studying and conducting thematic research, each cadre, Party member, civil servant or public employee shall contact himself / herself and set out orientations to strive for and follow.
In which, the 60-year-old badge of the Party has 1 comrade; the 55-year-old badge of the Party has 6 comrades and the 50-year-old badge of the Party has 10 comrades.
Ethnic minority people, army officers, police officers, professional soldiers,
To strictly perform the tasks of socio-economic development in association with consolidation of defense and security and building of defense zones.
Not only looking forward to the support of the State, the people of Vinh Thanh today have promoted the spirit of self-reliance, strive to rise up, effectively use the support of the State.
Thanks to the efforts of the Party Committee, local authorities and people have overcome difficulties and challenges, promote internal resources, to rise to development.
eeeeeeee
Mass mobilization system at all levels
The group with the same interest in safe vegetable production has developed its operational regulations, elected the Executive Board, the group leader to implement the work of the group.
At the congress, delegates elected 15 comrades to the Vinh Hiep commune Party Committee for the term 2020-2025.
Besides, the awareness of people, especially poor households and ethnic minority households in the locality has seen many positive changes, the Party's and the State's policies and laws have been implemented and brought to villages and hamlets to reach people and ethnic minority people in deep-lying and remote areas through itinerant legal aid activities, through associations and mass organizations at all levels, building exemplary examples and prestigious people in the community, thereby step by step repelling backward customs and anti-destructive activities of hostile forces, ensuring security, order and social safety in deep-lying, remote and bordering areas.
In the evening, the elderly in the village read prayers to God, praying for rain and wind, many grains and not sick and diseased, in the voice of the gong.
How far is it to hunt?
Recently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh district has actively promoted the application of science and technology to improve productivity and quality of agricultural products.
smooth,
On the morning of April 4, the Party Committee of Vinh Quang Commune held a conference to thoroughly study the thematic contents in 2020 for all Party members in the Party Committee.
tickling,
Pursuant to the December 3, 2004 Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents of People's Councils and People's Committees;
Representative of the leadership of the Department of Culture and Sports: 01 person;
Monkeys do funerals, monkeys bring out all the wealth, all the money.
At the places of visit, the district leaders graciously visited, encouraged, wished health, noted and appreciated the efforts and efforts of the managers and teachers of the units in the past year.
by 
In the morning of October 10, the Inspectorate of the Movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" led by Deputy Minister and Vice Chairman of the Committee for Ethnic Minorities Hoang Thi Hanh inspected the implementation of the Movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" and Program 135, Decision No. 45 dated 09.01.2019 of the Prime Minister in Vinh Thanh district.
squirrel
Thoroughly grasping and deeply aware of these viewpoints, over the years, the District Party Committee, the People's Council and the District People's Committee have regularly paid attention to directing and creating favorable conditions for the Association at all levels to operate.
foster dad
this year,
Over the years, Vinh Thanh District Health Center has been interested in strengthening and improving the health network at the commune level.
Accordingly, the time for investigation and review activities takes place within 35 days, the commune and township level must send reports on the results to the district level before October 20 for the district to summarize and send to the province.
Yao's father was very sick. This morning, he and his father came to visit him. He found Yao lying on his bed, his eyes closed, his face thin and thin after only a few days.
Regularly water sufficiently moist, when heavy rain must cover, the best time for plants to live in the potting is 5-7 days, maximum no more than 10 days, if the time of corn plants in the potting is longer, it is necessary to water the plants with diluted NPK.
absorbent (water) 
However, in the process of operation, the traditional martial arts furnaces still have the following aspects 
more than,
Haven't you seen the farmhouse?
Even more jealous and envious of her eldest sister, Yă Krua also went into the forest to find a rich husband. Unfortunately, Yă Krua encountered an evil python, which was eaten. 
Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School organized the competition of brocade weaving and knitting among students in 2019.
To direct and guide commune-level People's Committees to consider and certify the non-grant of certificates of land use rights and dispute-free land to borrowers at credit institutions without security assets under Clause 3, Article 9 of Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP.
The District Veterans Association has 1, 172 members participating in 59 grassroots associations.
The cow.
In furtherance of the district's direction on the implementation of vaccination for cattle and poultry herds in 2020, up to the present time, Vinh Thinh commune has implemented 5, 000 vaccination doses for poultry herds, achieving the rate of about 41% of the plan.
pouring (water) 
Standard minimum area of 4m2/student, each room is arranged from 4 to 8 people.
Specialty products
Huynh Ngoc Anh's family in Vinh Truong village, Vinh Thinh commune is a herd duck breeding household with nearly 600 ducks.
baby bird
Uh, yeah, no.
The Party's and State's policies on investment and support in the past years, direct support policies, support policies with production means and instruments and technical infrastructures have created basic conditions and motive forces favorable for the development of mountainous areas in the beginning and in the subsequent periods.
Guys - Two Guys
Mr. Nguyen Van Phung is continuously elected to hold the position of Party Secretary of Vinh Thuan commune for the term 2020-2025.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, directors of the provincial / municipal Services of Industry and Trade, Planning and Investment, Finance and Agriculture and Rural Development;
Some products increased quite as wood chips increased 19.2%; bricks increased 7.1%, vegetable oil increased 4.8%, footwear of all kinds increased 50%, agricultural tools increased 7.7%.
Xuan Dung's radio report reflects on people's joy about the new road
The Council members may use the apparatus and means of the agencies or organizations where they work to perform the tasks assigned by the Council chairman.
bustling
old man,
Recognizing the changes and improving the quality of the movement in Vinh Thanh district in the past, Deputy Minister and Vice Chairman of the Committee for Ethnic Minorities Hoang Thi Hanh emphasized: The Party and the State pay special attention to the activities of the movement.
Forest robbers have taken advantage of the above-mentioned weaknesses to illegally exploit and transport forest products in the district.
For the directors of the provincial / municipal Culture, Sports and Tourism Services to coordinate with the directors of the provincial / municipal Home Affairs Services in submitting to the presidents of the provincial People's Committees for consideration and appropriate amendments and / or supplements to the Regulation.
building (home) 
If at this stage, especially in the period of flowering, if the rain, even a small amount of rain is enough to make the pollen stiff, difficult to stick to the insect that transmits pollen, causing the pollination process to stagnate, fertilization does not occur.
Submerged
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015 
Projects using other capital sources: 
On the occasion of preparing for the Lunar New Year 2020, on December 24, Mr. Nguyen Thanh Tung - Member of the Party Central Committee, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Council paid a visit to Vinh Hoa commune, Vinh Thanh district.
At the conference, the Chairman of the Commune People's Committee asked the relevant sectors to promote propaganda to help people understand the purpose and significance of the election of village heads, know the election criteria, time and location, contributing to the successful election of village heads for the term 2019 – 2021 in the commune..
Already finished drinking,
Implementing advisory agencies: The provincial Justice Service, other provincial services, departments, branches and mass organizations with members joining the provincial Council for coordination in the PBGDPL;
Green aphids are also vectors of viral diseases for sesame plants. One of the following drugs can be used: Actara 25EC, Applaud 10 WP,... for prevention. 
Tasks of developing crops, livestock and specialty products in the period of 2017 - 2020 and up to 2025 
small hoe
To appoint a leading official of the provincial-level Culture and Sports Department to join the Advisory Board of the Children's Council.
Inspection and repair of damage to transport, irrigation works and works serving people's life
From now on, the hardships on the way to the highlands have been greatly reduced when the road is upgraded and repaired.
melons,
Up to now, 90% of inter-village and inter-commune roads have been asphalted and concreted.
What's your name?
The survey delegation was chaired by Mr. Ly Hoai Nam – Head of the Economic and Social Affairs Department of the District People's Committee.
Layers
The Council's members and concerned agencies, units, organizations and individuals shall implement this Regulation.
Vocational training for rural laborers, especially mountainous laborers, is a major policy of the Party and the State to help people have conditions to eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty, striving to eliminate poverty with their own labor.
The management and care of peach trees will be contracted by the provincial delegation with Song Kong Forestry Company Limited and Vinh Son Commune.
just,
(right side)
Annually, to review and evaluate the implementation results of the Scheme, thereby working out solutions to promptly adjust matters which are not suitable to production practices so that the Scheme can achieve high efficiency.
Strictly control people coming and going out of Vinh Thanh district, especially those returning from or passing through the epidemic zone
I want to be a doctor.
Through the campaign "Each member registers a good job according to the moral example of Ho Chi Minh", the whole district has over 1,000 CCB members registered, reaching a rate of nearly 96%.
Social efficiency. 
The provincial budget shall be allocated to the Center for Agricultural and Fishery Promotion in order to coordinate with the localities in supporting the training of technicians for cultivation and plant protection in the localities and agricultural cooperatives.
The land use planning of Nhon Hoi Economic Zone for development of renewable energy by 2030 is about 755 ha, accounting for 5.3% of the total land area of Nhon Hoi Economic Zone.
far,
Fiber Nurturing: Place the bag of cultured mushrooms in the rack to nurse the fiber, do not let the bags touch each other. Fiber nursery does not need light.
To promulgate the Regulation on the composition, tasks and powers of the Council for Coordination in Law Dissemination and Education;
The house was completed before the plan, helping the family to welcome the Tet holiday in a warm and joyful way.
take out,
Scope of recruitment: To recruit public employees to work at lower secondary, primary and preschool education institutions in districts:
The People's Committee of Tay Son district shall cooperate with the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs in advising the People's Committee of the province to organize the Launching Ceremony of the Action Month according to the time mentioned above.
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in Report No. 4497/BC-SNN dated November 27,2017 
Scientific and technological solutions
lifting (eyes) 
As a result, ethnic minority people gradually abandon the habit of nomadic farming and stick to wet rice production, their lives are markedly improved and food security in mountainous areas is firmly guaranteed.
Propagation work is carried out extensively on the radio system, publicly posted at the working office on the overall program of state administrative reform of the Government and the program of state administrative reform in the period 2011-2010 of the province.
learning,
chubby,
To inspect and control the origin of forestry plant varieties, ensuring their quality, selecting appropriate plant species, planting them in the right seasons and in favorable weather for plant growth and development, and stepping up the production of varieties.
to change
On the afternoon of May 5, the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development held a workshop on the model of breeding crispy carp on Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir. Attending were Mr. Bui Tan Thanh, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao - Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee.
Spreading
Melt
Besides, the trainees are also supported to breed chickens to build practice models right at home.
It is known that by the end of 2019, the number of poor households in the district decreased to 3,750 households, accounting for 37.99%, of which poor households are ethnic minority people are 1,405 households, down 159 households compared to the previous year.
The day after tomorrow.
In most communes and towns, reconciliation work is well done and is trusted and supported by people; the effectiveness of this work has a great impact on socio-economic development, positively contributing to building happy families, building residential areas, cultural villages and stabilizing security and order at the grassroots level.
Isn't it a long way to the woodshed, Mom?
At the same time, the working offices and material foundations at the request-receiving and result-giving sections from the district People's Committees to communes and townships shall be arranged in convenient locations, equipped with computers... according to regulations, and at the same time be publicly and fully posted up with the order, procedures, time, charges and fees for citizens to know.
lighting (lights) 
snot,
To step by step introduce martial arts activities into schools in various forms.
On the basis of the achieved results, in the coming time, Vinh Thuan commune shall continue to renew the contents and methods of propagating policies on population and family planning to the people.
Monitoring and broadcasting of dangerous weather bulletins; providing information on rainfall and water level
Not only struggling with the difficult problem of income, poor households, environmental criteria are also "knot" difficult to solve for Vinh Kim commune authorities.
with 
Preschools in districts and cities
hairy,
hide
Using labor protection when harvesting and preliminarily processing vegetables
redundant
The Center for Rural Development in the Central of Hue University of Agriculture and Forestry has organized a training course for leaders and members of the group "Same interests" safe vegetable cultivation in Vinh Son commune.
The timely disbursement of capital sources for members to borrow, making an important contribution to the effective implementation of hunger elimination and poverty alleviation programs in localities.
Tam has to go to school the day after tomorrow.
Urgent requests
(back) cuffs 
Depending on each bad and good land, the density is different: Average distance (5m x 6m), density of 333 plants / ha. Hilly areas can be planted with a distance of 6 - 7m, density of 240 - 300 plants / ha.
However, the quality and effectiveness of vaccination must be strictly supervised and managed.
Coefficient of use (use area: including residential area + area of other functional areas / construction floor area) from 0.7 - 0.8.
- From the regular funding source allocated to the work of reconciliation and reconciliation at the grassroots and commune-level construction.
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Directors of Departments of Natural Resources and Environment, Planning and Investment, Finance, Agriculture and Rural Development, Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs, Tourism, Industry and Trade, Transport, Home Affairs, Foreign Affairs, Construction, Justice, Information and Communications, Education and Training, Science and Technology; Heads of Economic Zone Management Boards
(Enclosed with the Decision No. 121/QD-UBND dated January 10,2020 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province)
pushing
Yesterday he made two.
Of which the provincial and district budget capital is VND 80.40 billion and the investor's capital is VND 53.60 billion.
In the coming time, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee shall continue to step up patriotic emulation movements, focusing on the "Nhan Do Thang" emulation movement in association with studying and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style and the Resolution of the 4th plenum of the Party Central Committee (the XIIth Congress) on strengthening the Party's building and restructuring; building the national great unity bloc, building a strong and clean political system, successfully performing the socio-economic, defense and security tasks set forth in the locality.
At the same time, the district will plan and encourage people to raise fish in the form of semi-intensive farming, natural stocking at the irrigation lakes Ta Nien (Vinh Thuan commune), Ha Nhe (Vinh Hoa commune), Hon Lap (Vinh Thinh commune), Tra Xom (Vinh Son commune).
When the disease is severe, the shoots dry out, atrophy. On the inflorescences, the disease appears on the head, armpits or on the stems of the inflorescences, the disease dries out and drops cotton. 
She sat down at the tree and cried.
On this content, in 2018, the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development reviewed, adjusted and supplemented 3 types of forests and approved by the provincial People's Committee in Decision No. 4854 dated December 28, 2018, the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development proposed the provincial People's Committee to recover forests for allocation to people.
To guide localities in restructuring crops;
The economic model of hill garden farms, high-efficiency breeding appears more and more in mountainous and highland communes.
Sides
The training institution informs the students at the entrance exams (listed at the training institution or through volunteer students' activities) 
The conference discussed and raised difficulties in the implementation of the work of the Association and the women's movement at the grassroots level; at the same time, adopted a number of targets and solutions to implement the tasks of the Association in 2020.
Projects 
To coordinate with communication agencies in stepping up the propagation of rabies, guiding the implementation of regulations on management of domesticated dogs and mobilizing people to vaccinate against rabies for domesticated dogs and cats.
To coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in formulating and adjusting policies for the Program implementation.
Take three times a day, two capsules at a time, before meals. 
In the context of the complicated development of the Covid-19 epidemic in many provinces and cities throughout the country, leaders of the district police asked the police force in the district to always participate with the highest sense of responsibility and the most drastic to work together with the political system to effectively prevent the epidemic.
The people's life is improved, the rate of poor households in the district decreases annually according to the targets set out in the Resolution, particularly in 2019, the rate of poor households decreased to 37.99%, reducing 6.34% compared to the previous year.
(Note: The conversion of equivalent values of foreign language certificates and informatics certificates shall comply with the Official Dispatch No. 4060/UBND-NC dated 169/2016 of the provincial People's Committee) 
On development, agricultural and forestry crops
In general, the housing support for policy beneficiaries and people with meritorious services to the country in the district is ensured, the beneficiaries of housing support have living places to ensure excitement.
us - two people,
The economic structure shifted in a positive direction, the proportion of agriculture - forestry - fisheries accounted for 51.4%, trade and services accounted for 39.1%, cottage industries accounted for 20.4%; per capita income reached 22.5 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households decreased by an average of 4-5% annually. There were 100% of households using the national grid and using hygienic daily-life water.
Through 10 years of implementing the national target program on building a new countryside, the rural aspect of Vinh Kim commune has seen positive changes, essential infrastructure, landscape and environment have been significantly improved as well as the material and spiritual life of rural people has been increasingly improved, contributing to creating a driving force for the local socio-economic development.
Smooth
When the cashew garden does not have a canopy, fertilize in the shape of a towel rim: dig a trench 10- 15cm deep around the edge of the canopy, then spread compost and cover. For sloping land, at the beginning of the rainy season, fertilize on the high ground and at the end of the rainy season fertilize on the low ground of the canopy.
Number of tanks: 56 units (in 2015: 6 units, from 2016 to 2020: 10 units).
Joel's father said,
The XIIth Congress, the 11th session,
With the attention of the Party and the State, the life of Bana people in Ta Lét village in particular and many other localities of Vinh Thanh district in general has changed markedly.
Vinegar
Case 2: Planted in September to October; harvested in July – 8 next year.
jungle,
The following article reflects on the results of the new rural construction program in Vinh Kim commune.
On June 13, the Red Cross of Binh Dinh province held a groundbreaking ceremony and handed over money to support the construction of gratitude houses from benefactors to poor households in exceptionally difficult circumstances for Le Thi Tha's family, An Phuoc and Anh Dinh Luong Ham villages in Village M2, Vinh Thinh commune, Vinh Thanh district.
- To coordinate with the provincial/municipal Culture and Sports Services in preparing propaganda publications and organizing press conferences on the festival.
Require plants to be aligned, roots not folded.
To step up the industrialization of seed production, enhance the management of seeds in order to quickly increase the rate of using seeds up to set standards for production, creating a new breakthrough in productivity and product quality;
In the summer and autumn of 2019, the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vinh Thanh district in cooperation with Mahyco Company organized the implementation of the new rice variety testing model MHC2 on an area of 2.1 hectares in Gní field, Vinh Son highland commune..
To facilitate exchanges among ethnic minorities, localities, domestic and international tourists, increase the attractiveness and support for activities.
nest (dog) 
sad,
One Thousand
Phu Cat district: VND 2,498,135,000 
Vinh Thuan Commune Health Station takes good care of people's health
The villagers live together very happily. In the morning, they go to work, in the evening the family lives by the fire. On holidays or when guests come, the villagers often gather in the empty house to drink wine, dance and sing. 
That's Uncle Cuong.
When is the transplant?
People are excited to emulate production labor, animal husbandry development, many households have built beautiful houses nearly a billion VND... No one has to worry about lack of food, clothing... This is the thanks of the sea of the Party, of Uncle Ho that Bana people we forever engraved " 
Good day.
Provincial-level Finance Departments shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Culture, Sports and Tourism Departments, Planning and Investment Departments and People's Committees of districts, towns and cities in, allocating annual state budget funds for implementation of this Circular.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Finance Departments and concerned units in, advising provincial-level People's Committees on handling of principals and interests of organizations and individuals suffering from damage caused by objective or force majeure circumstances specified in Clause 2, Article 12; Clause 3, Article 14; and Clause 3, Article 15, of Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP.
threshing (rice) 
On this occasion, leaders of the Department of Culture and Sports also visited and presented gifts to 3 prestigious families of ethnic minority people of K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune. 
Drug use: Sistep VN + Linsuannerqingjia + Karen. 
with the,
Thanks to the efforts of the Party Committee, local authorities and people have overcome difficulties and challenges, promote internal resources, to rise to development.
Promptly fight, prevent and repel acts of lending at high interest rates, purchasing goods at high interest rates, collecting rental debts... in farmers' members.
New construction of Tam Quan fishing port
a pair of pants
Investment has been made in (i) Quy Nhon fishing port, De Gi fishing port and Tam Quan fishing port; (ii) Tan Phung fishing wharf and Nhon Ly fishing wharf. Efficiency and practicality have been brought into play for fishermen in fishing and transportation activities.
When he came home from school this afternoon, he called from the yard, but his mother was not there. He was suddenly worried. The house was empty. He didn't know where she was going. Every day, when he came home from school, she had finished cooking rice.
made of what,
Coordinate to organize 3 short-term vocational training courses for members.
People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province
To direct the Culture and Information Section and the Culture, Information and Sports Center in coordinating with the Organizing Committee in organizing the festival's programs.
The 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts 2019 was held in Binh Dinh
Project management, consultancy and other expenses (estimated at 15% of construction and installation costs): VND 54.540 million.
On the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2020, the Management Board of Vinh Thanh district construction investment project organized the goods supply program on the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2020 for mountainous people in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim and Vinh Hoa communes of Vinh Thanh district and Vinh An commune, Tay Son district.
In order to concretize the thematic learning in 2020, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee has developed a specific implementation plan to each branch and Party Committee under the district Party Committee.
The recruitment of officials and labor contracts of the Relic Management Board shall comply with the decentralization and current regulations of the State.
Afterwards, his body fell, lying under a fallen tree.
After fruiting: when the immature fruit has a diameter of 1 - 2 cm, spray Atonic, Mastrer - Grow, stimulate agrochemicals 2 - 3 times with the indicated concentration, the spraying times are 10 - 15 days apart.
Each delegation can register to perform at the shows in the Festival.
The material and spiritual life of the district is also being improved and improved.
The abovementioned standards for middle school teachers (applicable to general teachers in charge of middle school teams).
- The recruitment plan, criteria, conditions and criteria for participation in recruitment of public employees in the education and training sector;
To concretize the contents of Action Program No. 22-CTr/TU, Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW
lacrosse rack
Finance, Natural Resources and Environment, Education and Training, Chairmen of People's Committees of districts and cities and heads of relevant departments and sectors.
National health programs are focused, health care for the people is well implemented
The associations at all levels have organized exciting cultural, artistic, physical training and sport activities to celebrate the anniversary of the homeland such as the contest "Joining hands to build a new countryside, civilized urban areas"... creating a cheerful and excited atmosphere in farmers.
If the document referred to in this Point is amended, supplemented or replaced, the amending, supplementing or replacing document shall prevail.
Organization of implementation 
In the morning of July 23, Vinh Thanh district delegation coordinated with the Association of Executives to visit and give gifts to policy families in Vinh Son commune on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the Invalids and Martyrs Day 27/7.
who,
family line 
To intensify the mobilization of the participation of socio - political organizations and socio - professional organizations in the field of law.
Point a of this Clause or in case the public employee - employing agency or unit has a new recruitment demand in the same recruitment year 
In which, Vinh Thanh, Van Canh and An Lao districts each have 2 delegations, Tay Son, Phu Cat and Hoai An districts each have 1 delegation.
thunder
The deployment of perch farming model in Vinh Thanh district aims to diversify freshwater aquaculture subjects, effectively use freshwater ponds and lakes available in the locality, contributing to increasing incomes and improving the living standards of farmers.
On this content, in 2018, the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development reviewed, adjusted and supplemented 3 types of forests and approved by the provincial People's Committee in Decision No. 4854 dated December 28, 2018, the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development proposed the provincial People's Committee to recover forests for allocation to people.
groping (crab) 
Adjust the humidity level to 60 - 65% is just enough, try by holding the sawdust in the palm of your hand and slowly open it, look at the condition of the sawdust in your hand to know whether it is moist enough or not.
100% of whiteleg shrimp breeds, 100% of pangasius breeds and 50 - 60% of tiger prawn breeds are under quality control and free from some diseases.
oi,
Implementation Solutions
To attach importance to training reserve forces and militia and self-defense forces, ensuring their proper and adequate composition and programs according to plans.
From the results achieved, with the plan and roadmap to build a new countryside in the next years, especially the joint efforts and unity of the political system and people, Vinh Kim commune will continue to complete many targets and criteria to build a new countryside.
At the request of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs and the Department of Justice.
Kinh ethnic group
Since then, movements in the residential area have become more and more in-depth, many households have a sense of self-improvement in life.
sniff,
squirrel
bright,
In order to proactively prevent and control the epidemic for cattle and poultry, in March 2020, Vinh Quang commune has implemented the vaccination of poultry influenza, foot and mouth disease for cows, sows and breeding males in the first phase of 2020.
I'm in Kon Hai Village.
very,
one more,
TW TW
To closely coordinate with the health sector in killing larvae and larvae; to organize the spraying of mosquito-killing chemicals
Have you had breakfast yet?
(Crying) sobbing 
just... just,
In addition, to study and follow Uncle, branches and mass organizations in the district, it is also associated with campaigns and movements such as building a new countryside and civilized urban centers; building a cultural life; the five-zero and three-clean movement; the movement for good production and business, etc., contributing to successfully realizing socio-economic development objectives and tasks, ensuring the annual reduction of the rate of poor households according to set targets.
District Party Committees and People's Committees of districts have issued documents, plans and decisions to promptly direct the epidemic prevention and control; assign specific tasks to agencies, units and members of the Standing Committees and People's Committees of communes and townships for implementation.
I liked it.
At the ceremony, leaders of the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thuan commune approved the Decision on establishment of the pilot model; the Decision on establishment of the model management board; the Regulation on operation and launch of emulation to build residential areas to achieve the pilot model of environmental protection and response to climate change; guided residential areas and households to sign commitments to environmental protection and preservation in residential areas and some other contents.
Pursuant to the Law on Technology Transfer dated June 19, 2017;
People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province
Up to now, most communes and townships in the district have ethnic minority people living, the main occupation is still agricultural production, so agricultural extension for ethnic minority areas is considered an important task, contributing to hunger eradication and poverty reduction for ethnic minority people.
The contingent of ethnic minority cadres in highland communes will be step by step improved in qualifications and capacity and paid more attention to regimes and policies; ethnic minority people will always believe in the leadership of the Party and the State; actively participate in patriotic emulation campaigns and movements in all domains, especially the campaign for building a new countryside.
In addition to promoting propaganda, the commune also focuses on building the contingent and improving the capacity of officials in charge of population work.
In order to strengthen the synchronous implementation of epidemic prevention and control measures, well organize the vaccination against avian influenza, FMD in cattle, swine fever and other infectious diseases in the province
In the course of implementation, she regularly monitors, urges and supports the associations in the implementation, especially the targets of the People's Fund, membership fees, registration of farmers with good production and business at all levels, building advanced models.
Along with that, the Farmers' Association of M9 Village, Vinh Hoa Commune has mobilized its members to contribute more workdays, materials, sand, stone, wood.
Direct specialized units under provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Services to coordinate with localities in implementing the Scheme on schedule and with high efficiency.
pungent smell 
Mr. Nguyen Tien Dung, Vice Chairman of Quy Nhon People's Committee;
Article 1. Promulgated together with this Decision is the Plan for implementation of the Action Month for Gender Equality and Prevention and Control of Gender-Based Violence in Binh Dinh Province in 2017
Probably from eating stale food.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003;
Over the past years, the implementation of Scheme 24 of the Central Committee of the Peasants' Association on the establishment of professional branches and associations in Vinh Thanh district has been given timely leadership and direction.
welcome to gallery
Through 5 years of implementation, up to now, there are over 500 members registered to join the "5 no, 3 clean" movement.
Leaf spots: Spray one of the drugs such as: Score, Carbenzim, Carbendo
On November 26, Vinh Thanh district allocated 60,135 kilograms (kg) of rice to support people with non-productive rice land due to the summer-autumn drought in 2019 for 5 communes in the district under Decision No. 4149 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee on the allocation of rice from the central support source, to support households with non-productive rice land due to the summer-autumn drought in 2019.
According to the Resolution of the Government and of the province, the central tasks of each department, sector and provincial mass organization and the political and socio-economic development tasks of the locality,
Article 1. Promulgated together with this Decision is the Plan for organizing the 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts - Binh Dinh 2019.
Content of the plan
Cultivation Techniques
Phase 2 Investment
Dear,
The opening ceremony of the new school year at Vinh Thanh Ethnic Minority and High School started with a gong performance to welcome the new school year in order to create a joyful and exciting atmosphere for students who are children of ethnic minorities in the district.
- Submit an application for registration of commercial fishing vessels operating in remote areas to the Sub-department of Fisheries Resources Exploitation and Protection (via district-level aquatic resource protection stations);
Each cluster is covered with a specialized bag, pay attention to tighten the mouth of the bag just enough to avoid insects, but does not affect the stems of grape clusters.
Establish interdisciplinary working teams, inspect the transportation, trading, slaughtering, import and export of cattle in the area, detect and handle the violations as prescribed.
Prioritize the focus
To suit the situation and requirements of political tasks of the country and the province, contributing to the implementation of the national cultural policy.
To thoroughly grasp and fully implement the Party's viewpoints and undertakings and the State's laws on PBGDPL, grassroots conciliation, building communes up to the standards of law access;
where to go,
is (eating) 
mixed,
(chicken) buzzing 
Grapefruit Cultivation Techniques
sunday,
According to the Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh District, on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the 27.7th War Invalids and Martyrs' Day, Vinh Thanh District received 1,002 gifts from the State President to policy beneficiaries in the district.
lustful
However, with the current situation of environmental pollution in rural areas, this is a difficult criterion to implement in the criteria for building a new countryside.
Intercropping, rejuvenating old citrus fruit trees and transplanting and renovating some varieties of citrus fruit trees.
Environment is a factor that directly affects the quality of life of people and the rural face.
It is known that the survey collected information on the socio-economic situation of 53 ethnic minorities in 2019 from October 1 to 31, 2019. 
According to the school cluster planning of the area in 01 suburban land area of Nhon Phu ward near Binh Dinh College and Quang Trung University.
Branding of high quality beef and beef in Binh Dinh
Not more than 6 hours from the time of mixing the potting mixture to the time of pasteurizing the potting mixture bag.
Specific objectives by 2030
Accordingly, the district Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee organized the handover of the first batch to the district Steering Committee for Covid - 19 Prevention and Control with an amount of VND41.7 million.
uncle,
broken,
Commenting, evaluating and classifying cadres and Party members must comply with regulations and guidance of superiors.
The Council shall issue a written reply clearly stating the reason for refusal to consider the dossier.
Are the Barnabas in stilt houses or land houses?
The python dug a bucketful of sharpeners and took her home.
picking up
to chat with
In addition, every year, the district also supports the households with special difficulties to borrow capital for production development from the Social Policy Bank of the district, to have investment capital for economic development.
Sexuality
Implementing the Decision No. 2666/QD-UBND dated August 01,2019 of the provincial People's Committee
monkey,
Organizing 9 patrols with 545 participants, detecting and making records of 05 violations.
jammed
Level 4 is 3 procedures of district level.
The efforts of the women's unions in the district have brought many positive results, making an important contribution to improving the environment, fulfilling the environmental criteria in building a new countryside.
Over the years, through various mechanisms and policies, the Government, the ministries and branches, and especially the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province,
On August 3, 2015, the Prime Minister issued Decision No. 1235/QD-TTg approving the Program on promoting children's right to participation in child affairs in the 2016-2020 period.
The number of poor households reduced annually must be attributed to the very important role of the village and hamlet Party committees, which have brought into full play the pioneering and exemplary role of the Party members in leading the people to implement the Party's lines and undertakings as well as the State's policies and laws, especially the resolutions of the Party committees of districts and communes in the economic restructuring along the direction of commodity production and raising of people's living standards.
The district has directed the education and training sector to coordinate with departments, branches and mass organizations in building a network of schools and classrooms in ethnic minority and mountainous areas meeting with exceptional difficulties, properly implementing ethnic minority education in order to raise people's intellectual standards and train human resources in ethnic minority and mountainous areas.
Black sesame: Easy to grow, healthy, fruitless, ripening later than white sesame, growth time 3.0-3.5 months, suitable for soil and mountainous climate.
The buffalo of the house of Yol often defeated the buffalo of other houses.
Crop season
one,
narrow
rotation
Removing
Measures to increase fruiting ability 
hearts
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Illuminate
To ensure the achievement of objectives, requirements and activities of Vietnam National Day of Ethnic Culture in Binh Dinh.
step away,
Mom, where do you sell clothes?
Of which, provincial budget capital: VND 279.15 billion; district budget capital: VND 168.65 billion; investor capital: VND 201.50 billion.
the horse,
Another friend liked to be a pilot. Some of you wanted to go to the army. And each Liao sat silent. Liao was the best in his class but his dream was simple. Liao said:
tear off
Location of construction works 
Implementing the direction of the provincial People's Committee, on the morning of April 2.4, Vinh Thanh District has urgently set up a checkpoint for COVID-19 prevention and control at Go Lui Station, the gateway to Vinh Thanh District.
Units where children are members participating in the Council of children are living and learning 
Wait for me to sell all these bananas and then we'll go together.
When he came home in the evening, he was surprised to find the house neat and clean.
Article 1. Promulgated together with this Decision is the Plan for implementation of the Provincial Party Committee's Action Program No. 22-Tr/TU dated July 29,2019 on implementation of the Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW dated October 22,2018 of the 12th Party Central Committee on the Strategy for Sustainable Development of Vietnam's Marine Economy by 2030 with a vision towards 2045.
To concentrate on completing the system of intra-field canals and ditches in order to bring into full play the efficiency of irrigation works, restructure crops and livestock to help intensive farming increase crops and productivity; to strongly develop cattle and poultry herds in the direction of farms and family farms.
In the 2012 - 2015 period: To review and re - evaluate each project for appropriate adjustment and supplementation plans.
Currently, the weather is in the rainy season, which is a favorable condition for wild mushrooms to grow more, especially in forests, fields, ponds, gardens... 
on (table) 
backwards
- To receive and arrange accommodation for central, provincial and municipal delegates to attend the festival;
Dad's not coming home tonight.
Socio-economic situation in ethnic minority areas
The grassroots police force has focused on developing propaganda contents on the methods and tricks of criminal activities; causes and conditions that give rise to crimes for people to raise the spirit of vigilance and prevention.
contact,
to tell,
Participating in the training course, the village and population cluster officials of communes in the districts have been communicated the basic contents in the guiding documents of the central and provincial levels on the national target program on building a new countryside;
Make new planning or expand the roads related to the furnaces, make compensation or direct the compensation and hand over the ground for construction.
At the training course, trainees listened to some guidelines and policies of the Party, the State and the Central Committee of the Peasants' Association on participating in ensuring traffic safety, preventing and fighting drug crimes, black credit in rural and mountainous areas; the reality and solutions to ensuring traffic safety, preventing and fighting drug crimes, black credit in the province.
(cat) scratching 
Market Surveillance Department shall cooperate with relevant agencies in enhancing measures to control the circulation and trading of animals and animal products; promptly detect and strictly handle violations.
In addition to the performances of other countries, the delegations had exchanges with 6 typical traditional martial arts kilns of Tay Son, An Nhon and Tuy Phuoc districts.
The results achieved from studying and following Uncle Ho's example have arouse the sense of learning emulation and creative labor of officials, members and women in the district, contributing to the implementation of socio-economic development tasks of the locality.
The commune Party Committees should pay attention to well implementing social policies, raising people's intellectual standards, taking care of people's health, stepping up poverty reduction and further raising incomes for people.
peeling (bark) 
replacement (shirt) 
Mr. Vo Van Bong - Rector of Binh Dinh Teacher Training College.
shore (river) 
Recently, the K6 Women's Union of Vinh Kim Commune has always actively mobilized its members to study and follow Uncle in many forms.
Recently, he had heard his parents talk about the chicken flu.
At the request of the Provincial Traffic Safety Board in Document No. 158/TTr-BATGT dated October 08,2013,
Perform antibacterial hand washing, surface disinfection, floor cleaning, equipment, household appliances
Every 6 months and at the end of the year, agencies, units and localities shall :
To coordinate with the provincial Finance Services in formulating funding demands, ensuring sufficient and timely funding in service of the prevention and fighting against animal epidemics in their respective provinces.
Labour, Invalids and Social Affairs
How old are you?
Design of anti-erosion tape: On hilly areas, with a large slope, it is necessary to make steps for each cashew stump. It is best to make steps in place by taking the soil at the slope above the stump (a) and covering the stump below the slope (b) the radius of the ladder ring is about 1.5 m wide.
collapse (go) 
At least 15 days before the examination day, the Recruitment Council shall send a notice to convene candidates for the examination, in which:
Quickly stabilize the situation, production, business, work, study... back to normal right after the end of the Lunar New Year holiday as prescribed is the direction of the Chairman of the People's Committee of Le Van Dau district at the press conference at the beginning of the year.
Roofing (home) 
to say,
- The Regulation on operation of the Council for Consideration and Recognition of Traditional occupations.
The other one's for firewood and torches.
In addition to the State's investment resources to build sustainable economic development models, mass organizations such as the Peasants' Association, the Veterans' Association, the Women's Association and the Youth Union have made efforts to implement many practical activities to help their members borrow capital for economic development.
The total estimated investment fund for Ho Sung võ kiln is VND 1,435 billion (including VND 1.4 billion from the provincial budget and VND 35 million from the donors).
Reserves of rice varieties for natural disaster recovery: VND 6, 000 million, accounting for 12.2%;
In addition, the patrol, control and prevention of violations of the Forestry Law has been strengthened, the units have coordinated to organize 280 inspections and searches of key forest areas, bordering routes and traffic routes, detecting 31 violations, of which 4 cases of illegal deforestation caused damage to 0.327 hectares of forest; illegal exploitation, trading and transportation of timber and forest products, vehicles without owners 27 cases.
The irrigated area is 140,476 ha (rice 103,873 ha, crops 34,360 ha, aquaculture and salt 2,243 ha); in which, the area irrigated firmly from the irrigation works 119,109 ha, (rice 96,969 ha, crops 21,672 ha, aquaculture and salt: 468 ha).
To promulgate the Plan on formulation of the national target program on building a new countryside in the 2016 - 2020 period and the Regulation on building standard communes, wards and townships
Dogs
The assignment of forest care, management and protection in the first 6 months of the year in the district continues to be implemented as planned, so far the assigned forest area is 25, 853 hectares, achieving 100% of the plan.
amateur,
Some varieties of tapioca have high yield such as KM 60, KM 95, SM 937-26, KM 98-1, KM 98-5, KM 140, KM 94... (28 – 30 tons, starch content from 28 – 30%).
A/Cs
The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, directors of provincial / municipal Education and Training Services, heads of concerned agencies and units and members named in Article 1 shall implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
mice
chamber (banana) 
At the same time participate in the promotion of Binh Dinh brand through the reception of visitors.
Open a martial arts club in the school, teach some basic lessons of Binh Dinh martial arts in extracurricular hours, elective hours
It is known that the project will support 13,650 breeding eels with a weight of about 5g/head (200 head/kg), which will be implemented in 07 villages in Vinh Thinh commune, including: An Phuoc, Vinh Dinh, Vinh Thai, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Binh, Vinh Truong, An Noi with a total cost of 310,852,000 VND.
shampoo (head) 
I went to the firewood market today.
My family is having a great time.
At the supervision session, leaders of commune People's Committees reported on the results of contracted forest protection in the commune.
For Businesses
Ms. Phung Thi Ngoc Tuyet, Head of Economics Department of Provincial Women's Union. 
Upside-down
Support 25% of funding according to milk purchase price for all the remaining subjects participating in the Program.
The provincial education and training public employee recruitment council has the following tasks and powers:
Lime
they,
The people of Village 6, Vinh Thuan Commune all signed a commitment to unite to protect the beautiful green environment in the locality.
On the occasion of the 74th anniversary of the August Revolution and the National Day of September 2.9, on the morning of August 29, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee organized the award of the Party badge from 50 to 60 years of age for 17 party members of the Party's affiliated ministries.
To contribute to promoting and developing education and training in ethnic minority, deep - lying, remote, sea and island areas.
next door
Accordingly, the district Party Committee determines the Party Congress from district to grassroots to implement 04 contents: Summarize the implementation of the resolution of the Party Congress, Party Executive Committee for the term 2015 - 2020 and determine the orientation, objectives, tasks and solutions of the Party Committee, Party Executive Committee for the term 2020 - 2025.
In the morning of September 18, 2020, the supervision delegation of the district People's Council's Ethnic Committee led by Mr. Dinh A Zon - Head of the district People's Council's Ethnic Committee had a supervision session of Vinh Kim Commune People's Committee on the results of construction and implementation of forest protection contracting.
In today's program, we would like to introduce Ms. Le Thi Thuy Ha - Biology teacher of Vinh Thanh High School, one of 35 typical young teachers and lecturers in 2019.
Many new and typical advanced elements in the youth have been discovered, honored and contributed to creating a beautiful image of the youth class of the new period.
To concentrate on raising the quality of education and training, contributing to raising the people's intellectual level; to integrate programs and projects, mobilize various resources for socio-economic development and promote economic restructuring suitable to the conditions and cultivation level of ethnic minority areas in the district.
Accordingly, in order to reach the rate of over 98% of second graders (including pupils >7 years old) and first graders who are full 7 years old in the 2019 - 2020 school year and 7 - year - old children who do not go to school in the community, they will be additionally vaccinated with 1 dose of tetanus - diphtheria vaccine on the scale of communes and townships.
Strengthening capacity for the Department of Natural Resources and Environment to well perform its functions and tasks as a standing body to assist the provincial People's Committee in state management of the sea and islands in accordance with Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU and Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW.
Accordingly, the scope of support includes rural roads belonging to district roads, commune roads, inter-village roads, hamlet roads and intra-field main roads that have been operated for at least 8 years and damaged or degraded.
The village women's association also builds models to follow Uncle's words, suitable to the characteristics of the local situation such as practicing thrift, helping members with difficulties and stabilizing their lives.
- Conversion of production of shallow crops on rice land;
In the past tenure, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has achieved and exceeded many targets set by the congress's resolutions.
With fruit sign ripening morphology denotes when the outside color of the fruit has turned red or yellow (depending on the variety). 
The lack of clean water for daily life, the people's sense of environmental hygiene is still limited.
soft slit,
The doctor asked his mother,
sling,
Besides, the entrusted organizations have actively directed the grassroots associations to closely coordinate with the Transaction Bureau of the Socialist Bank of the same level in effectively implementing the entrusted contents with the Socialist Bank.
Annually, after receiving the targets assigned by the superior association, she deploys and guides the chapters to:
Current status of production and development of crops, livestock and specialty products
concave
whisper
Manage and understand activities of foreigners, especially the number of people returning from epidemic zones or related to people coming from epidemic zones, be ready to handle situations arising at each level.
As on every Sunday, this morning he woke up late. The sun had risen above the cinnamon in the garden. Out in the yard, his father was talking to a stranger. He asked his mother,
To step up the development of animal husbandry, attaching importance to the implementation of vaccination according to plans; to prevent and combat epidemics of cattle and poultry diseases 
aunt,
Over the past years, the Peasants Associations at all levels in the districts have well carried out the propagation and mobilization of their members to carry out the movement to build a new countryside; participated in such activities as: Deployment of the "Rural environmental sanitation associated with building a new countryside".
Requirements:
adjacent,
skinny,
Provincial police offices shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with local administrations in, ensuring social security, order and safety in case of natural disasters.
fold fold
understand,
By the end of 2019, all levels of Farmers' Associations in the district in cooperation with the District Social Bank disbursed with proceeds of 44.9 billion VND, collected debts of 36 billion VND, increased the total outstanding debt in the area of 116.6 billion VND with 2,488 borrowing households.
- Domestic and foreign organizations and individuals visiting scenic places, historical relics and cultural works in Binh Dinh province.
Organize inspection and assessment of quality, quantity and procurement of essential materials, vehicles and equipment for disaster response, such as canoes, tarpaulins, life jackets and generators
Twenty pills.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26, 2003;
Organize provincial conferences and seminars
Thanks to the active role of the borrowing groups, the capital sources are used and promoted effectively by farmers' members.
Along with the coordination of functional branches, organizing many training programs to transfer new scientific and technical advances in production and animal husbandry for members.
Review the results of implementation of children's proposals at the previous meeting of the Children's Council.
full moon
easy vegetable
The State budget shall cover 100% of expenses for: (i) 30 reservoirs; (ii) 103.12 km of sea and river dikes and embankments; (iii) 67 spillways;
To actively participate in building the Party and administration, building a new countryside; building the great national unity bloc.
Visiting policy families in Vinh Thuan commune, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee Ho Xuan Anh graciously asked about the situation, talked with comrades wounded, sick soldiers, people with meritorious revolutionary services and wished you good health, a bright example to educate revolutionary traditions for the young generation; Leaders of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee also hope that you continue to make many contributions to build the locality more and more developed.
The kindergarten of Vinh Son commune is one of the schools still facing many difficulties in Vinh Thanh district, lack of equipment, learning tools, roads are still difficult
The following article by Xuan Dung noted the changes in the lives of people in Vinh Thanh highland district 
"Good rice this year," he said, looking at him.
The contents of the Party's activities have been gradually renewed, the quality of Party members and the quality of Party cells' activities have been raised, the leadership positions and roles of Party committees and grassroots Party organizations have been more and more affirmed, and the people's confidence in the Party has been more and more closely attached.
Before entering the harvest, it is necessary to clean the grass, dry leaves under the trees to easily detect falling cashews.
how many,
To study and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh, the Youth Union of Vinh Kim commune has associated the continued promotion of learning and following the example of Uncle with the emulation movement of the Association for 6/6 grassroots branches.
good implementation of political and ideological education
Applying science and technology to production
Focus on investment in renewable energy and development of new marine industries
Immediately after the launching ceremony, the youth union forces marched and marched on the main roads in the district, in response to the movement "All people practice swimming and prevent drowning in 2019" in the district.
Recently, the district Forest Protection Department has strengthened the propagation and guidance to the people the technical process of planting and caring forests, technical guidance to transform small timber forests into large timber trees, technical planting non-timber forest products under the forest canopy.
So, uh...
And heads of concerned agencies shall guide, urge and inspect the implementation of Articles 1 and 2 of this Decision.
in a hurry.
so,
Ladies and gentlemen of the following names, please join us as members.
Decision to promulgate the Plan for law dissemination and education; grassroots conciliation; and building of communes up to law access standards by 2020 in Binh Dinh province
fish (meat) 
dancing,
The breeding room is 2 - 4 m2 wide, cleaned, with a transplant table, if the room is large, use plastic or canvas to narrow it.
On this occasion, 1 collective was awarded the Certificate of Merit by the Central Committee of the Vietnam Women's Union; 3 collectives and 5 individuals were awarded by the Provincial Women's Union; 10 collectives and 16 individuals were awarded certificates of merit by the District Women's Union for outstanding achievements in implementing the emulation movement and tasks of the Union in 2019.
do not dare,
The majority of projects applying science and technology have helped people in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas access to new scientific and technical achievements.
Soil preparation techniques
Face masks
In order to do well the prevention of epidemics,
on that day,
spread out,
From the program of rapid and sustainable poverty reduction under the Government's Resolution 30a, over the past 10 years (from 2009 to 2019), Vinh Thanh district has received more than VND 305 billion to deploy the construction of 112 works; in which, there are 14 traffic works, 34 irrigation works, 44 educational and cultural works, 11 electricity and water works, 10 medical works.
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Justice (general advisory and guidance);
In response to the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women 25/11/2017 
It's too expensive, I didn't buy it.
Article 2. Provincial - level Industry and Trade Departments shall coordinate with concerned agencies in organizing the implementation of projects on building pilot models of agricultural product consumption and supply of agricultural supplies in accordance with law.
The possibility of occurrence of risks during the implementation of the Scheme.
In each village, depending on the characteristics of the population situation, different models of clubs are established such as green - clean - beautiful clubs, saving clubs to help poor women, clubs that do not give birth to the third child, the model "Self-governing women's road".
It is known that in 1963 Dinh Dat joined the guerrilla forces of Vinh Kim Commune, so the local government assigned a cabin gun to do the task.
At the same time, in order to help the youth effectively and properly use capital sources, the Association annually appoints its members and young people who are good economists to participate in training courses on scientific and technical transfer organized by districts and localities.
To strive to achieve 16/19 criteria of the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
pouring (water) 
Seeds before sowing need to be treated with one of the following drugs: Copper-Zinc, Copper-B, Rovral, Benlate,... (2 grams mix well for 1kg of seeds). 
Over the past years, the district People's Committee has effectively implemented the Party's and State's policies for ethnic minority areas in particular and mountainous people in general, achieving many positive results, thus affecting the material and spiritual life of people in the district increasingly.
The children are actively practicing experiments, exploring, researching, participating in knowledge exchange - with the teaching method "Hands made dough".
Introduction.
After a year of successful testing, in the last 2 years, he has expanded the cage scale and diversified fish such as lentils, beaded waterfall and some mixed fish for a profit of 300 million VND / year.
Finish 2: When the corn is 5-6 leaves, fertilize with 140-150 kg of urea nitrogen + 60-65 kg of potassium chloride, combined with watering, weeding and raising.
cheek nuts 
Districts, towns and cities shall, depending on practical conditions, organize the 2017 Action Month Launching Ceremony from November 10 to November 15, 2017.
The soil used for cultivation of Jiao Co Lam must satisfy the following conditions :
I can't even go.
ball (tree) 
The objective of the plan is to preserve and promote traditional costumes of ethnic minority groups to meet the requirement that "Cultural heritage is both a driving force and an objective" contributing to the sustainable cultural development of ethnic minority groups in Binh Dinh province in particular and the whole country in general.
From the beginning of this year, Vinh Thanh district has focused on influenza vaccination for poultry flocks, and conducted spraying disinfection chemicals for breeding households in communes and townships.
To build Tam Quan anchorage and mooring area.
XITH CONGRESS, Twelfth Session
However, on July 5, 2019, the provincial People's Committee issued Document No. 3834 on land allocation and lease in the province, stating: "In the immediate future, the recovery of land for production forests and protection forests managed by communes and forestry land allocated to protection forest management boards and forestry companies has not yet been carried out.
With the efforts of the entire political system from the district to the grassroots and the collective contribution of the community, the lives of policy families who still face housing difficulties in Vinh Thanh district have gradually stabilized.
Mr. Trinh Xuan Long, Deputy Director of the Department of Home Affairs 
To proactively create sufficient and quality raw and green fodder sources for cows by developing and planting new high-yield and high-quality grass varieties;
To formulate policies to encourage activities of researching into, collecting, preserving, teaching and introducing traditional martial arts as an intangible cultural heritage of Binh Dinh people.
In addition to providing irrigation water for tens of thousands of hectares of agricultural land, Dinh Binh Lake is also a favorable environment for Vinh Thanh people to develop freshwater fish farming.
For specialized agencies of provinces :
Provincial Literature and Arts Association: To coordinate with the Department of Culture and Sports in organizing a photo exhibition on activities of dojo and martial arts schools in the country and the world at the festival.
- Group of economic - technical solutions;
The district People's Committees shall regularly direct the revision of legal documents close to the practical situation.
Joel felt happy too. He said to himself: Even though there are many difficulties, I will try hard to study. I must definitely contribute to making the spring of my homeland more and more beautiful.
They were the core of the movement in all 11 districts, towns and cities.
Legal grounds :
Also in the afternoon of December 24, Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung visited Dinh Ghok's house, wounded soldiers, in village M9, Vinh Hoa commune. 
Among them was a stone tablet inscribed with an ancient inscription that no one has yet translated.
In particular, many targets have been achieved and surpassed the Resolution's objectives. In the economic sector, the annual average value of the local GDP increases by 14.5%.
Over the years, Vinh Thanh district has enlisted investment capital sources for the target program on clean water and environmental sanitation in rural areas.
It is known that by the end of 2019, the number of poor households in the district decreased to 3,750 households, accounting for 37.99%, of which poor households are ethnic minority people are 1,405 households, down 159 households compared to the previous year.
You saved me. I have nothing in return. Take my tusks! This is the most precious thing I have.
People always unite to emulate labor and production, rise to enrich, join hands to implement the criteria of building a new countryside
Fertilize rotten manure + phosphorus before planting; Incubate manure in the pit for 15 to 30 days.
After more than 3 years of implementing Directive No. 05 on promoting learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee has issued documents to lead and direct the implementation for officials, Party members and the people to learn by each topic and register contents to follow.
But after a few crops, I found that the technical process of investing in hybrid rice production is not as complicated as I thought, the yield is high, now everyone knows how to grow hybrid rice."
Responsible for implementing this Decision from the date of signing./. 
Along with Mr. Truong Dong Hai - Deputy Director of the Department of Culture and Sports, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao - Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee received and worked with the delegation.
Recently, the campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life and a civilized city" associated with the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" has created a strong change in awareness and action among people of all strata, becoming a regular activity at the grassroots level; through 5 contents of the campaign, the Front and associations and mass organizations have launched the emulation movement for economic development, implementing the policy of changing crops, plant varieties and animal breeds for high productivity; building models of caged fish, hybrid cows, lean pigs, large-acre fields, bananas, red peppers, pumpkins, peppers... to develop farm and family farm economies with high efficiency.
The Congress has spent time discussing and adopting the Resolution on objectives, targets, orientations and tasks for the 2020-2025 tenure.
CSGT:
how long,
Monthly organize specialized activities for children to reflect their feelings, aspirations and proposals on issues related to children to members of the Children's Council.
My name is Yôl.
In particular, the emulation movement "Nice stadium" in building a new countryside,
If the project is executed in 2019, it may be carried forward to the following years provided that it does not exceed 03 years as prescribed in the Government's Decree No. 01/2017/ND-CP.
Bringing Binh Dinh traditional martial arts into schools in the province and achieving certain results
To mobilize people to actively participate in science and technology progress transfer classes; to boldly borrow capital for investment in family economic development.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 163/2016/ND-CP dated December 21,2016,
Their husband and wife died early.
TBLS
(eye) furnace 
Summary of current data and demand for dormitories for students: 
Department of Culture and Sports in cooperation with Vinh Thanh District People's Committee organized the Ethnic Minority Cultural Exchange Program and Family Work in 2019 at K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune
In order to proactively prevent and control malaria for people, from the beginning of this year, the Medical Center of Vinh Thanh district has organized a batch of mosquito nets to prevent malaria for people in the communes of Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Hiep, Vinh Thinh and Vinh Thuan.
Development of community-based marine aquaculture model; sustainable marine aquaculture co-management model associated with environmental protection and biodiversity
( For owners of fishing vessels with permanent residence registration in Quy Nhon city, they shall submit dossiers directly to the Aquatic Resource Exploitation and Protection Sub-Department).
At the ceremony, Vinh Thanh District Police announced and handed over the Decision to transfer 20 full-time police officers of the District Police to assume the titles of Chief, Deputy Chief and Police officers in 5 communes and townships.
Someone's got a toilet seat.
In addition, the commune has also implemented a project to plant 55.4 hectares of JICA2 plantation forests for 50 households in village O5, a chicken farming model for 21 households in 2 villages K6 and O5.
With a total amount of VND 610.000.000 (six hundred and ten million), specifically including: 
A strong buffalo can plow a lot.
as big as,
Amendments to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 27/2013/QD-TTg dated May 19,2013
When did you get a fever?
kneeling
Environmentally friendly coastal industries. 
To continue maintaining the operation of anti-epidemic mobile teams of the sector, ensuring their readiness to promptly respond to epidemics.
Despite a lot of difficulties, the young teacher remains enthusiastic about the human planting career.
Department of Education and Training
To actively mobilize members and farmers to invest in the construction, management, protection and efficient use of clean water works; to clean up and sanitize public places, open sewers, collect and treat garbage in residential areas and public places; to use fertilizers and plant protection drugs in agricultural production in accordance with regulations such as the right use of drugs, the right dosage, at the right time and in the right way; to collect garbage, pesticide bottles and containers from agricultural production.
We're not used to housing.
squirrel
As a mountainous women's association, the life of sisters is difficult
Have you been vomiting?
You should get him some medicine.
Here, the delegation visited some agricultural and forestry production models in Vinh Son commune such as:
To properly mobilize ethnic minority children to attend schools at the right age, and mobilize the number of dropouts to return to schools.
Tasks: To raise the capacity of managing original breed stocks of domestic animals; to raise and keep original breed stocks, giving priority to indigenous breeds; to raise the productivity and quality of original breed stocks; to import breeds with high and advanced genetic potential; to consolidate and perfect the pyramidal breed system.
According to leaders of Vinh Thanh District People's Committee, although the implementation time under the "one-stop-shop" and "one-stop-shop" mechanism is not long, with the attention and direction of the district, along with the efforts and efforts of the contingent of cadres and civil servants, the quality, time and efficiency of solving the work of organizations, enterprises and citizens when required are promptly met.
It is noteworthy that the irrigation system has brought practical efficiency, contributing to helping farmers bring high-quality and productive crops to crop rotation, creating favorable conditions for people in communes with special difficulties to develop production and gradually reduce poverty in a sustainable manner.
fever,
- Agricultural production practices (cultivation, husbandry);
Above is the Scheme on establishment of the Binh Dinh Provincial Children's Council in the 2017 - 2020 period.
V6 sesame is a new Japanese sesame that is being thriving in the northern provinces. 
It is known that over the past time, Vinh Thanh district has directed branches, associations, communes and townships in the district to actively promote the propagation, counseling and mobilization of people to participate in labor export to increase income, eliminate hunger and reduce poverty.
In addition, in agricultural production, the association has mobilized farmers to apply environmentally friendly measures such as composting from agricultural waste, green manure plants; safe vegetable production and disease-free breeding; collection of packaging, bottles, bottles of pesticides... along the intra-field canals.
For leaf spot disease: Remove diseased leaves when they appear, when the rate of disease is high, one of the drugs can be used.
Legal provisions, draft policies and laws directly related to production and business activities, the lawful rights and interests of people and enterprises, focusing on the following domains:
Mr. Le Van Toan - Director of the Department of Justice.
Articles 10, 11 and 12 of the Joint Circular No. 13/2014/TTLT-BYT-BNNPTNT-BCT dated April 09,2014 of the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Ministry of Industry and Trade.
Mobilizing, managing and effectively using resources to implement the tasks of sustainable development of marine economy.
All over the place.
As a result, yields have not improved. The recommended planting density is 178 plants/ha, 7x8m distance.
After digging the hole, mix the separated topsoil layer with 10-20kg of manure + 0.5kg of phosphate fertilizer to liner. After mixing well, pull down the hole. The mixing of manure to fill the hole must be completed at least 20 -25 days before planting. 
Publishing bilingual books in Bana Kriem, Cham H'roi, H'rê and Vietnamese (Kinh) to strengthen bookcases for public libraries and bookcases at grassroots, post and cultural communes
The field of education and health has made positive changes, the quality of teaching and learning at all levels continues to be improved.
take it,
From the beginning of this year, the sectors and associations in Vinh Thinh commune continue to support farmers to make full use of the water surface of ponds and lakes, deploying the model of freshwater fish farming, in order to contribute to increasing income sources for families.
Through the training, we have equipped safe vegetable growers with good personal hygiene knowledge to prevent cross-contamination of vegetable products at preliminary processing houses or collection points, to prevent the spread of food-derived diseases and other infectious diseases.
fly,
Round 1: Paper-based multiple-choice test consists of 3 parts:
In addition, commune health stations regularly organize weighing, vaccinating and giving Vitamins regularly for children under 5 years old... 
Regarding the conservation and promotion of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts, including the policy to introduce Binh Dinh traditional martial arts into schools in the province.
The direction and administration by the Government, the Prime Minister and the provinces shall be closely linked with the political tasks, the work of law elaboration, enforcement and protection, which fall under the responsibility of the agencies, units and localities.
Duration: 2015 and 2017 (01 class per year)
The handling of violations in cases of deforestation for ploughing is still inadequate, subjects have no money to pay fines, the forcible destruction of crops, forcible reforestation for a number of cases have not been carried out yet.
Department of Construction
Tightness
WHITE
ripped,
Talking to us about the change of her hometown, the eyes of Mai A, the people in Ta Lét village, Vinh Hiep Commune sparkle joy: "The war years were hard, every home lacked food and clothing.
What if,
UB.
Towards the base and from the base
Thereby, to help poor households and ethnic minority households in Vinh Thanh district step by step overcome difficulties, actively develop the economy, to improve living standards.
The Kinh cadres must urgently learn the ethnic language, thoroughly integrate themselves into the masses, promptly detect the enemy's plots and tricks of sabotage, discuss with the masses, discuss and agree on ways to fight the enemy under the motto "reasonable, profitable and proper".
peacock
Dip, spray fruiting: After pruning flowers, dip or spray fruiting immediately to increase the likelihood of fruiting. Drug use: Sistep VN. 
On the establishment of a council for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages in Binh Dinh province
Many economic models of farmer members continue to promote efficiency
hide
Identification of successful candidates in public employee recruitment examinations
syncope
To coordinate with the provincial/municipal Culture, Sports and Tourism Services in organizing systemic activities.
Thousand
piles (wood) 
more difficult,
To plan rural infrastructure suitable to the province's conditions.
These are extremely disadvantaged households. Mr. Ha Van Cat - Chairman of the Provincial Board of Directors and Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the District People's Committee attended, presented and encouraged the families.
After breakfast, he and his father and Uncle Qiang went to visit the house.
On the afternoon of January 15, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a conference to implement the resolutions of the district People's Council on the socio-economic development plan and state budget estimates for 2020.
That's all I'm waiting for, to rise up and scream and chase him away.
public,
The successes that she has achieved have marked the beginning of her career, which is the foundation, the motivation for her to strive, to better her mission.
Together with Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the district People's Committee.
- Recruitment norms; recruitment conditions and criteria;
Joel's house was near the forest. There were many trees and animals in the forest. There were streams in the middle of the forest. There were flowers that looked strange and beautiful. He used to pick flowers for his mother. When he didn't go to school, he would follow his father to hunt ferrets and bears in the forest. Sometimes he would hunt wild pigs.
On July 25 and 26, at the hall of the District Political Training Center, the People's Council of Vinh Thanh district held the opening of the 10th meeting of the 11th People's Council of the district, tenure 2016-2021.
Social effectiveness;
Vocational training for rural workers is considered a key point contributing to sustainable poverty reduction
With the positive propagation measures of the district health sector, the people's awareness of proactive prevention and control of epidemics in general and malaria in particular is raised, in the coming time, it will contribute to limiting the rate of malaria in the district.
To continue effectively implementing the central resolutions on organization and building of the Party; to build grassroots Party organizations and raise the quality of Party members; to raise the capacity of advisors on organization and building of the Party; to strive to fulfill assigned tasks.
Talking intimately with the people of Vinh Hoa commune, Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung recalled that 15 years ago, people moved to settle in Vinh Hoa commune to serve the construction of Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir, helping people in the downstream area have conditions for farming and breeding..
It is known that participating in the course from September 11th to 14th, students are provided with the basic knowledge of topics such as:
Provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments shall summarize and report to provincial-level People's Committees and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development before the 25th of every month (particularly in December, before the 10th) and send irregular reports upon request.
In 2019, the anti-erosion embankment of the Kôn River was invested with a total capital of over 45 billion VND from the loan of the World Bank and reciprocal capital from the budget brought great joy to many people here.
- They're...
Listen to the report on the results of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city" in 2019 and orientations and tasks in 2020, and solutions to improve the quality of the campaign in residential areas. 
The most cheerful are probably the people in Vinh Son Commune, especially when the new road is completed and put into use during this Tet.
functions
teaches,
chest,
Article 2.-The Organizing Committee shall have to coordinate with the concerned agencies in advising and assisting the provincial People's Committee in :
Where can I go to see in Hanoi?
The number, names and establishment, merger, consolidation, division, separation, dissolution and renaming of professional organizations;
Vinh Kim is one of the most difficult communes of Vinh Thanh district, the people's life is still facing many difficulties, over 90% of the population lives by agriculture
At the same time, providing 10 tons of microbiological organic fertilizer for farmers to liner before planting, in order to enhance nutrient elements and humus in the soil.
In each village, depending on the characteristics of the population situation, different models of clubs are established such as green - clean - beautiful clubs, saving clubs to help poor women, clubs that do not give birth to the third child, the model "Self-governing women's road".
wish open 
In the past five years, the Party and the State have invested more than VND 494 billion in implementing programs, policies and projects for ethnic minority and mountainous areas in Vinh Thanh district.
After listening to the school leaders' quick report on Covid-19 prevention and control before and after receiving the students back to school, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao noted and appreciated the prevention and control of Covid-19 of the schools.
jailed
To guide the lease and operation management of dormitories for students and workers in industrial parks;
- Non-business capital sources for science and technology: VND 1, 200 billion.
One of the key contents that Vinh Thanh district has invested in depth for many years is the education and training for ethnic minority children to build human resources for the future.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26, 2003;
This year's survey uses two forms of information collection by electronic questionnaires on mobile devices and online for commune questionnaires.
Investment capital sources and disbursement progress
lawn mower 
acne,
Regarding subjects, scope of regulation and level of support
glance,
The province currently has 56 martial artists, 26 standard martial artists and 115 national-level instructors; there are 97 active martial artists and instructors in the facility, including:
The field of preliminary processing, processing and trading of agricultural, forestry and fishery products
On this occasion, Party Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Ho Xuan Anh also proposed that the Party Committee and local authorities regularly help and care about the lives of policy families in the commune, helping them stabilize in their lives.
Regarding the establishment, management and exploitation of law bookcases, the PBGDPL program for the 2017 - 2021 period, coordination programs and schemes on PBGDPL and grassroots conciliation in the direction of enhancing the state management work
In addition, regularly inspect the implementation of policies for students of semi-boarding schools for ethnic minorities and schools in ethnic minority areas to promote cultural values imbued with local ethnic identity, contributing to mobilizing students to go to school, class and improve the quality of comprehensive education.
Dyeing
Currently, along with the implementation of prevention and control of Covid-19 and other epidemics, Vinh Thanh District Health Center also recommends that people should proactively prevent and control dengue fever with measures such as killing larvae and mosquito larvae around the house to prevent mosquito bites, even when sleeping during the day.
Organize press conferences and communications on the central and local mass media about the festival program.
spectacular 
( Laughter )
The investment in infrastructure construction in Vinh Thanh district in the past years has brought many positive results such as: Concrete roads are built to villages, creating favorable conditions for people to travel and trade.
The total capital needed to achieve the project's objectives is VND 6,987,845 billion.
cheerful,
At the same time, inform and instruct consumers that ASF only occurs in pigs and does not infect humans and other animals so that they can use pork products with clear origin.
Get up.
Encourage the restoration of special folk festivals typical of ethnic groups.
Economic and technical objectives: The basic construction period of grafted cashew trees is 3 years. Average yield in the business period: 1.5-2 tons/ha
healthy,
The quality of the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" in the district has been increasingly improved.
Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs 
According to Dinh Khu, Vice Chairman of the commune People's Committee, said: With the determination of the entire political apparatus and the consensus of the people in the commune, it has initially brought about a positive effect to create a practical movement of emulation and action of all people of all strata in NTM construction.
stranger,
Schools have organized chemical spraying Cloramin B the whole work area, classrooms, school yard
To assign directors of provincial-level Justice Departments to assist provincial-level People's Committees in monitoring, guiding, urging and inspecting the implementation of this Plan;
Yes. How many pills did you buy?
last month,
The work of mass mobilization of the administration has been renewed, close to the people and close to the grassroots level; to attach importance to mobilizing the people to jointly do the common work of the community.
security (bone) 
To meet the demand for human resources for industrialization, modernization and knowledge economy.
For commune roads completely damaged road surface: 400 tons of cement/1km is used.
borrowing 
The Party Committee renewed its leadership, directed to the grassroots, strengthened the inspection and supervision so that the main tasks achieved good results.
Believing in the Party's guidelines and the State's policies, many households rise to enrich, contributing to the development of the country's homeland.
rolling (knife) 
In accordance with the objectives, requirements and approved programs and plans of their industry.
In the early years (at least 3 years) when the cashew garden has not closed the canopy, it is recommended to plant short-term trees from 1 - 1.5m from the base of the cashew. Pay attention to not intercropping into the cashew garden crops with the same pests and diseases as mosquito bugs.
In January, February, March or August, September, October when the harvest is finished.
Drying cashews: After cleaning, cashews are dried for 2-3 days to ensure seed moisture below 9% (finger press on the cashew shell without marks) and use a sieve (1cm sieve hole) to remove foreign bodies in the seeds.
for a while,
To build a local orange breeding model in Vinh Thuan commune on an area of 0.2 ha; to expand the model of safe vegetable production in Vinh Son commune on an area of 1.92 ha; to build a model of experimental rearing of brittle carp in Dinh Binh lake cages, a model of rearing chickens in gardens in Vinh Kim commune and a model of rearing commercial eels in Vinh Thinh commune.
squirrel
National defense and security are maintained; political security and social order and safety are ensured.
The role of village elders, hamlet chiefs and prestigious persons in ethnic minority areas shall be paid attention to, attach importance to and promote, contributing to building the great national unity bloc.
In order to encourage farmers to produce hybrid rice varieties, the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province has supported plant varieties for many years, including policies to support hybrid rice varieties for mountainous areas.
Previously, on the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2019, delegations at all levels in Quy Nhon City have also campaigned and planted 90 peach trees in Vinh Son Commune.
Thereby, the material and spiritual life of ethnic minority people is shown to be increasingly stable.
The prevention and elimination of pests and diseases on citrus fruit trees must be carried out in time, to the right objects and at the right time.
On the morning of December 4, Vinh Thanh District Public Security held a ceremony to announce the decision of the director of the provincial Public Security Department on mobilizing full-time police officers to hold commune police posts in Vinh Son and Vinh Thuan communes.
In order to implement the Scheme on support for start-up women, in 2019, district Women's Unions at all levels provided support for 15 poor women in various forms with a total amount of VND 10.5 million.
You take my ivory! This is the most precious thing I have.
The Vietnamese Union 
Currently, gasoline prices have fallen sharply but freights are still very high, making it difficult for people to travel and transport goods.
Agencies assigned to assume the prime responsibility for inspection results shall explain to superior agencies matters related to the quality of agricultural supplies, rural daily - life water and food safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products under their management.
The success of the model helped many members and relatives in the village to study and follow very successfully.
Mrs. Tran Thi My Dung, President of the Farmers Association of Vinh Hoa Commune is one of the exemplary Association officials, dedicated to the work of the Association and the farmers movement.
In order to well implement the model, the associations' expenditures have attached importance to the forms of mobilization, the associations' officials must always be exemplary at the forefront of thrift practice and organize many thrift activities.
Implementing advisory agency: Department of Justice. 
Department of Foreign Affairs
I fed the chickens twice a day.
Proactively supply seeds, fertilizers and materials for agricultural and forestry production
lim wood,
examination
The cultural and social fields have seen many positive changes, social security is paid attention to ensure; political security is maintained, social order and safety is stable.
To fight and solve specialized cases and cases, to organize the search and arrest of offenders; to organize the theft of property, narcotics, "black credit", lottery, gambling, social evils and drug-related crimes, to prevent negative phenomena and effectively serve the task of combating crimes; to intensify measures to ensure traffic order and safety, prevent and fight fires and explosions; to handle acts of law violation...
Article 1. Approving the Program for development of research and production of varieties and breeds for agricultural restructuring in the 2021 - 2030 period, including the following contents:
To improve the status of major fruit tree varieties; high - yield, high - quality and climate - resilient industrial tree varieties; and new vegetable varieties for domestic consumption and export.
warehouses
At present, life still faces many difficulties, Comrade Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee wishes the people to unite, together build the homeland more and more developed.
Specific objectives
On the afternoon of April 15, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee and Mr. Dinh Drin, Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee visited, presented gifts and encouraged forces at the Inter-sectoral COVID-19 Prevention and Control Checkpoint in Go Lei.
In addition, the commune also coordinates with specialized agencies to organize 12 nights of patrol and forest product control on routes K3, K1, Lake B, K8, Suoi Cat.
Decision No. 65/2009/QD-TTg dated April 24,2009, Decision No. 96/2009/QD-TTg dated July 22,2009 of the Prime Minister.
Accordingly, from the beginning of the year, 60,000 breeding fish of all kinds have been introduced, including pink bass, monogamous tilapia, sesame, snakehead, drift, carp, beaded waterfall... in ponds and lakes in the commune.
Currently,
To organize the propagation, education and dissemination of knowledge on the implementation of educational contents.
After 2015: Following the schedule, creativity and efficiency
Accordingly, from the beginning of the year, 60,000 breeding fish of all kinds have been introduced, including pink bass, monogamous tilapia, sesame, snakehead, drift, carp, beaded waterfall... in ponds and lakes in the commune.
As a result, farmers' members have actively responded to and effectively built many pilot models of rural environmental protection, specifically:
According to the plan of the provincial People's Committee, the first festival of the gong of ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province - 2019 is aimed at contributing to the preservation and promotion of the value of the gong cultural space of the people.
On the other hand, as stipulated in Paragraph 5, Article 17 of the Law on Public Investment, the People's Council,
Strengthening inspection, timely detection of violations, timely prevention from arising
Simplify administrative procedures, create favorable conditions for martial arts studios in the area to operate.
Patriotic emulation movements, works to celebrate major holidays, political events of the country, sectors and localities and Party congresses at all levels towards the XIIIth Party Congress
bridges
The programs and projects have been implemented with electricity works, roads, schools, stations, daily-life water, centers of commune clusters, cultural houses... built, have met the aspirations of the people.
Currently, 100% of communes have had primary schools.
Manage according to the provisions of Circular No. 38/2018/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 25,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development on the appraisal and certification of agro-forestry-fishery food production and trading facilities eligible for food safety;
The Director of Relic Management Board shall specify the tasks, powers and working relationships of professional organizations.
Families of subjects voluntarily participating in the Program and contributing funds to buy milk for the implementation of the Program as prescribed at Point b, Clause 3 of this Article.
Regarding the appraisal and certification of agricultural, forestry and fishery food production and trading establishments' satisfaction of food safety conditions.
Attending and handing over the decisions were Colonel Huynh Van An - Deputy Director of Provincial Police, Mr. Le Van Dau - Chairman of District People's Committee.
Department of Industry and Trade: Regularly monitor and grasp the situation and market developments of fresh meat to have solutions to stabilize and ensure circulation, avoid causing market instability in the province.
no ne,
Due to the impact of the Covid-19 epidemic situation, according to the direction, the delivery and receipt of troops this year took place quickly but still solemnly and in accordance with the law.
How many days will it take you to plow the fields?
In the old days, there were two demons of the same name named Prôm who used to go down to the Kôn River to eat the villagers of Bana. Occasionally, they also went downstream to eat the Cham people.
The Party organizations, mass organizations and agencies in the provinces shall review their work in appropriate forms.
ebony
Through the program, promoting the spirit of shock and mutual affection of youth in helping people in difficulty-hit, deep-lying and remote areas, contributing to ensuring social security. With the desire to "share love", creating an atmosphere of joyful and exciting Tet for children and people in the New Year, bringing the warm Tet of humanity to the children.
Yeah, yeah.
Vietnam has an S-shaped curve. It borders China to the north, Laos and Cambodia to the west, and the sea to the east and south.
Phase 1, from November 2019 to the completion of the 18th Party Congress of the district (scheduled for August 2020). 
Creating positive changes in the way of thinking and doing of each officer and female member.
State management agencies have not yet resolutely handled the illegal use, assignment, purchase, sale or encroachment of forestry land, especially by ethnic minority people.
Regarding the preparation of the Party Congress at all levels towards the XIIIth Party Congress, the Secretary of the district Party Committee recommended that the delegates should seriously absorb and properly implement Directive No. 35 dated May 30, 2019 of the Politburo on the Party Congress at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party.
To diversify, mobilize and effectively use capital sources for sustainable development of the marine economy.
To properly prevent and combat corruption, maintain political security and social order and safety in the locality.
Decision on providing safety helmets and reflective vests for students in schools implementing the project "Baby walking safety" in the academic year 2013 - 2014
In the immediate future, we need to focus on propagating and promoting our local programs and plans.
Article 2. Provincial People's Committees shall organize the implementation of this Resolution.
An Lao rural district: VND 435,490,000 
not ripe,
Strengthening inspection, post-inspection, irregular inspection, timely and serious handling of violations of food safety. Class A, B increased by 1%, class C was upgraded to class A/B increased by 5%; the percentage of small establishments signing commitments to produce safe food increased by 10% compared to 2019.
No. Let's go on: How many days a week?
It is possible to intercrop legumes (peanuts, green beans...) with noodle cultivation. The distance between 2 rows of noodles from 1.0 – 1.2m. For beans 25 – 30cm and plants 15 – 20cm away. Especially, rotation for wheat fields infected with heavy broom by planting corn, sesame, melon seeds... a minimum of 1 year.
boldly,
During 3 months, 35 participants who are members of Farmers' Association and Youth Union of Vinh Hiep commune were disseminated knowledge about the process of raising industrial chickens, breeding chickens, free-range chickens and incubating chicken eggs; disease symptoms, methods of diagnosis and treatment for chickens.
Rice husk
On the morning of September 24, the Division of Ethnic Affairs of Vinh Thanh District in cooperation with Binh Dinh Salt and Food Joint Stock Company organized the allocation of a total of 30,450 kg of iodized salt to 5.075 ethnic minority people in Vinh Kim and Vinh Son communes, receiving 6 kg of salt per person on average.
Article 3. Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council and Committees of the Provincial People's Council
because.. so..
On this occasion, the provincial and district People's Committees also awarded certificates of merit to collectives and individuals that have made outstanding achievements in policy credit activities in 2019.
Organize conferences of intellectuals, village elders, artisans, scientists, writers and artists, traditional martial arts
Attending the class there were 28 farmers in the group with the same interest in safe vegetable growing.
To encourage enterprises to invest in producing and processing varieties and breeds toward modern industry.
Lo Vo Phi Long Bay, Tuy Phuoc District
On the basis of the approved number of households and household registrations, district People's Committees shall request branches and localities to implement regimes for poor households and households living just above the poverty line under regulations.
Attending the launching ceremony were Mr. Dinh Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee.
Therefore, in recent years, Ms. Dung has always focused on propagating cadres, members and farmers to well observe the Party's guidelines and lines, the State's policies and laws, directives and resolutions of superior associations, especially policies related to agriculture and farmers.
That year, she discussed with the village elders how to kill Peter. She and the villagers killed buffaloes, slaughtered pigs, blew rice, and made delicious food to keep Peter alive. Within a moment, the two demons had come down to the village. They saw the smell of fragrant food, so they ate full and drunk. Just waiting for that, she and the villagers tied both demons together with rattan ropes, and killed one with a knife. The other demon was not quite drunk yet, so he escaped. She chased after him and killed him.
projection
ebony
Determining that significance and importance, in recent years, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has focused on well implementing the preparation of the Congress in the spirit of Directive No. 35 of the Politburo and Plan No. 58 of the Standing Committee of Binh Dinh Province Party Committee on the Party Congress at all levels, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party.
In the old days, two poor wives gave birth to two sons. They died early. The two brothers had to grow cassava together.
In 2019, all levels of the Women's Union in Vinh Thanh district have effectively implemented the tasks and activities of the Union.
Thereby making an important contribution to helping farmers eradicate poverty and get rich sustainably, building a comprehensively developed agriculture in the direction of increasing the proportion of husbandry, services, cultivation and soon completing the national goal of building a new countryside.
the movement "Companion with the youth in establishing themselves, making a career" 
M2 Village is the typical unit of Vinh Thinh Commune for many years has always maintained the title of Cultural Village
The places where forest robbers often look to exploit timber are the forests bordering Vinh Thanh district and An Lao, Hoai An and An Khe districts, then hide them in the forests. When conditions permit, automobiles and motorbikes shall be used to transport timber downstream for consumption.
The soil for growing citrus fruit trees must be regularly renovated 
a shirt,
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 27/2013/QD-TTg dated May 19,2013;
With specific programs of action, the district Fatherland Front shall coordinate with its member organizations in propagating and mobilizing people to step up patriotic emulation movements, continue to study and follow Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style, and build a cultural life in population quarters.
Specifically, Vinh Son commune has 3,135 inhabitants to be allocated 18,810 kg; Vinh Kim commune has 1,991 inhabitants to be allocated 11,946 kg. The supply of salt shall comply with Decision No. 1191 dated April 05, 2019 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee.
To fully perform the tasks and exercise the powers of the Council members.
Chairman of the Council: 01 child. 
The model of clean vegetable cultivation, sturgeon farming and exchanges with prestigious people and ethnic minority people in K3 Village.
Teachers and parents are delighted to welcome a practical, meaningful and fun opening ceremony for students
To supervise preservatives and freshness of aquatic products on fishing vessels. To inspect and supervise food safety at fishing ports. By the end of 2018, to build Quy Nhon and De Gi fishing ports up to Class A standards.
To sum up and report on results, monitor and coordinate with concerned units in handling arising problems and promptly report difficulties and problems arising in the course of implementation of Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP to competent authorities for consideration and handling.
Fabrics
It is known that in 2019, implementing the movement of farmers emulation of good production and business, solidarity to help each other get rich and reduce poverty sustainably in the commune, there are 49 households registered and won the title of good production and business at all levels.
anorexia,
ants,
the phenomenon
In general, the activities of the Association create the consensus of the farmers' members and the population community; the attention and facilitation of the Party Committees, the authorities and the participation of the branches and mass organizations in the area for the activities of the Association.
Pursuant to the Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents dated June 22, 2015;
Cabbage, cabbage, Swiss chard, sweet pepper, white radish, lettuce....; Pests and preventive measures under the integrated pest management program IPM; Methods of monitoring plants and field diary recording; Food safety and hygiene in safe vegetable production; Hazards when using pesticides and the principle of using pesticides in safe vegetable cultivation
To intensify mobile book service in deep-lying, remote and ethnic minority areas, sea areas and islands.
nicely,
At the meeting, in addition to reviewing the glorious tradition of the Vietnam Women's Union in the past 89 years, representatives of the leadership of the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune reported on the results of the activities of the commune Women's Union in the past time and noted that with the help and support of the Women's Union, the Trade Union of the Office of the provincial People's Committee materially helped many members of the commune are minority people in difficult highlands, with stable conditions and family economic development, contributing to the goal of hunger eradication and poverty reduction of the locality.
Suddenly Min Di heard a warm voice say,
In most communes and towns, reconciliation work is well done and is trusted and supported by people; the effectiveness of this work has a great impact on socio-economic development, positively contributing to building happy families, building residential areas, cultural villages and stabilizing security and order at the grassroots level.
Rural development
Pursuant to the Decision No. 4751/QD-BNN-TCLN dated December 11,2019 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
instant,
On November 17, Kon Tru village, Vinh Kim commune organized the National Unity Day point in 2019. 
Through inspection, the Chairman of the district People's Committee has directed the units to quickly deploy the remedial measures, concentrate manpower sawing, cutting and cleaning up large trees falling across the road.
Well, then you go.
With Bana Vinh Thanh people, no matter how difficult, hard, relatives still not frayed heart, still like the shadow of the tree, the root of the tree, toward the North, toward the Party, Uncle Ho.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism in the Statement No. 721/TTr-SVHTTDL dated June 19,2012,
Organize propaganda and raise awareness of natural disaster prevention and mitigation for officials and employees.
Wipe 
Once upon a time, in one village there was a very rich Bok Ria family. Bok Ria had two daughters. The eldest daughter, Yă Krua, was very ugly and cruel. The youngest daughter, Min Địch, was very beautiful, gentle and kind. Seeing that Min Địch was loved by many people, Yă Krua was jealous and looked for opportunities to harm.
Vinh Thanh district: 399.735.000 VND 
On the morning of December 18, 2019, the Farmers' Association of Vinh Thanh district, the Office of Natural Resources and Environment of Vinh Thanh district in cooperation with the Farmers' Association of Vinh Hiep commune organized a review of the model of a residential area participating in environmental protection and response to climate change in 2019. There were 25 farmer households in Vinh Phuc village and Vinh Hiep commune participating in the model.
At the ceremony, units of the Provincial People's Procuracy, Binh Dinh Petroleum Company and the District People's Procuracy also presented many gifts to Mrs. Xuan's family, which are essential utensils for daily life.
Responding to the Action Month for Gender Equality and Gender-Based Violence Prevention and Control 2017 
Mr. Trinh Minh Vuong, Head of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Provincial Farmers' Association. 
In implementation of the Humanitarian Month program in 2020, the provincial Red Cross has mobilized donors to actively participate in supporting and supporting the construction of houses for poor households with exceptional difficulties.
Being suitable to each group of subjects, geographical areas, domains and social demands, ensuring focus, priority, practicality, quality, efficiency and grassroots-oriented;
Circular No. 36/2013 / TT-BGDDT dated November 06, 2013 of the Ministry of Education and Training on the amendment of the
Recently, the district Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Division in cooperation with the Vietnamese Fatherland Front in Vinh Thanh District organized the acceptance and handover of two houses to the family of Mr. Dinh Van Riu in O3 Village and Mr. Dinh Hien in K6 Village, Vinh Kim Commune.
At the working session, the survey delegation listened to the Standing Committee of the commune People's Council reporting on the strengthening of the administration in accordance with the Law on Organization of Local Governments.
In the rainy season, the water from the headwaters rushes up the river, sweeping away all the obstacles in its path.
From this capital source, many households have conditions to invest in production development, improve income, continue to send their children to school and improve the quality of life.
The grapefruit originated from Doan Hung grapefruit, was first planted in Phu Dien commune - Tu Liem district - Hanoi. The variety has round fruits, smooth peel, when ripe orange yellow; average weight from 0.8 - 1kg, crunchy, sweet.
In the dry season, the river dries up, revealing black stones lying inert in the middle of the river.
bruises,
Note: The planning of this land area must be carefully calculated without obstructing the flood drainage and causing inundation to the whole area in the rainy and flooding season.
Article 1. Promulgated together with this Decision is the 2020 action plan for assurance of food safety in agriculture in the province.
Direct People's Committees of communes, wards and towns to assign veterinarians of communes and villages and village heads to monitor and supervise epidemics in their localities.
How's it going?
This Decision comes into force from August 01, 2019.
According to Decision No. 12 dated February 22, 2019 of the Chairman of the Board of Directors of VBSP, from March 1, 2019, the maximum loan amount for the poor household program is VND 100 million/household, the maximum loan period is 120 months, the lending interest rate is 6.6% per year.
In recent years, the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development has coordinated with the People's Committees of communes and townships to proactively carry out agricultural production, inspect and supervise the quality of agricultural materials for production at the trading and business establishments; inspect and remedy damage at the reservoirs and intra-field canal system, ensure the supply of water for irrigation of agricultural production.
Sliding
- The provincial/municipal Education and Training Services shall coordinate with the provincial/municipal Culture and Sports Services in mobilizing pupils for festival programs.
A number of adjustments and supplements to accreditation procedures
in the morning,
At the end of the steaming time, open the oven door to cool down and move the bag outside to avoid long-term wet cotton knot, remove the plastic snap, transfer the bag to the culture room.
to become,
Face Painting
The presidents of the provincial People's Committees shall request the heads of the provincial services, departments and branches, the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and cities and the concerned units to organize the serious implementation of this Directive.
Corner
(Enclosed with the Resolution No. 14/2019/NQ-HDND dated July 11,2019 of the People's Council of Binh Dinh Province)
The average rate of poor households will be reduced by 5.2% annually; national defense and security will be ensured and people's material and spiritual lives will be significantly improved.
caress,
in winter
Meeting with Art troupes and martial artists, coaches through specific plans and scenarios.
Provincial Association for the Support of the Disabled and Orphans
To step by step meet the requirements of protecting political security and social order and safety in each commune or township.
(Promulgated together with the Decision No. 799/QD-UBND dated November 18,2009 of the provincial People's Committee)
It had been a long time since he had seen the sun.
Among them was Le Thi Thuy Ha, a teacher of Biology at Vinh Thanh High School.
to go,
And recognize traditional trades, trade villages, traditional trade villages in Binh Dinh province.
often wildfires in March,
Exemption from informatics examination: For candidates with intermediate diplomas in information technology, informatics or mathematics - informatics or higher.
in Vinh Thanh the most. 
insertion(knife) 
Construction of cow markets: VND 2.900.000.000 
The rate of poor households has decreased; there are basically no households living in makeshift houses; the policies on support for forest development and production and income increase have been effectively implemented.
Activities at local and grassroots level
(iv) 28 pumping stations; (v) 598 km of irrigation and drainage canals; (vi) repair and upgrading of Tam Quan fishing port and 03 storm shelters; 
The first time (after harvesting): fertilize according to the rim of the canopy, dig a trench 20cm deep and 30cm wide. The compost is mixed into the trench to fill the soil, moisturizing straw cabinet. 
Also at the supervision, leaders of Vinh Kim commune proposed and proposed to the supervision delegation of the district People's Council on issues such as: The district People's Committee directs the early appraisal and approval of the forest environment service plan from 2014 to 2019 for the commune People's Committee to have a basis for implementation in the coming time.
cowardly
And other learning costs do not exceed 5% of the average household income in each region,,
Resolution on plant variety development policy for the period 2016-2020 in Binh Dinh province
Sesame: 6 kg/ha;
Report the results of implementation of the Action Month in 2017 to the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs before December 20, 2017 for consolidation and reporting to the People's Committee of the province and the Ministry of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs as prescribed.
The households participating in the project are supported 100% of costs with the number of 13,650 animals to ensure quality specifications, supported 50% of feed costs with 10,678kg of which: Fish feed 9.912kg, industrial bran 766kg and veterinary drugs (vitamins, minerals).
The baby...
Young Hairy
In addition, the M2 Village Women's Union also deployed for members to register to implement the clean 5 no 3 family model.
High schools: 100% guaranteed by provincial budget.
youngest son
lotus flower
In response to the 2017 Gender Equality and Gender-Based Violence Prevention and Control Action Month (hereinafter referred to as the Action Month) 
Stickers
Verification report No. 12/BCTT-VHXH dated July 09,2018 of the Department of Culture and Social Affairs of the provincial People's Council 
- The economic efficiency;
From 2016 to the end of 2018, with the attention of the State, has focused on investing, repairing and upgrading many works and work items, gradually meeting the requirements of ensuring reservoir safety, increasing the area of irrigation, water supply and aquatic infrastructure.
to ask,
Focus on mobilizing mountainous students to return to school after the Lunar New Year holiday
It's good for him to go through the rice.
It is possible to open clubs, development support groups.
Department of Natural Resources and Environment 
Localities should pay attention to encouraging farmers to use varieties with clear origins, quality assurance, and comply with the technical process guided in cultivation to bring about high economic efficiency.
Acquaintance
To maintain political stability, security and social order and safety, creating important conditions for sustainable socio-economic development.
Cement support under Decision No. 45/2015/QD-UBND dated December 25,2015 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province
The following report acknowledges the contributions of Vinh Thanh district's veterans to the emulation movement. We invite you to listen.
Pagoda
Up to now, Vinh Son safe vegetables have been regularly ordered by Big C supermarket
Up to now, the Women's Union of Vinh Son Commune has coordinated with the Transaction Office of the Social Policy Bank of the district to disburse over VND 3 billion, lending 98 times to households to invest in production and business.
owl cat
The planting, tending and exploitation of planted forests, the model of planting auxiliary forest products under the forest canopy, ensuring the plan targets under the Resolution of the district People's Council.
The sound of the trumpet rose with the moon.
Others
Now it's a lot different, the village has concrete roads all the way to the production area, there are cultural houses, there are kindergartens, there are places for children to play, the elderly are sick, there is a health station nearby.
Attending and handing over the decisions were Colonel Huynh Van An - Deputy Director of Provincial Police, Mr. Le Van Dau - Chairman of District People's Committee.
beautiful than fairy,
restrained
To sum up annual plans and reach agreement with provincial / municipal Planning and Investment Services and Finance Services in balancing and allocating budget capital for the Scheme implementation.
In 2019, the Organization Board of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has well advised the Standing Committee of the District Party Committee to lead and direct the implementation of targets and tasks in the fields of work such as:
The following report acknowledges the contributions of Vinh Thanh district's veterans to the emulation movement. We invite you to listen.
On this occasion, Party Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Ho Xuan Anh also proposed that the Party Committee and local authorities regularly help and care about the lives of policy families in the commune, helping them stabilize in their lives.
100% of people and vehicles passing through the checkpoint are stopped and performed medical checks such as temperature measurement and medical declaration.
Implementing the project to support women start-ups in 2010, recently the district Women's Union in cooperation with the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh town supported Le Thi Hoa's members in Dinh To Quarter, Vinh Thanh town 100 chicks more than 20 days old and feed to put into breeding. Total funding for implementation of more than 2.3 million VND
The fire spread from the trees to the forest.
To coordinate in examining and proposing the handling of conventions or rules which are infringing upon by law or infringing upon human rights or citizenship rights,
Action Month Plan 2017 with the theme "Together stop violence against women and girls"
With the spirit of "anti-epidemic as anti-war", each officer and soldier is an active propagandist on the Covid-19 prevention and control front.
From now on, the hardships on the way to the highlands have been greatly reduced when the road is upgraded and repaired.
To make use of central support capital, ODA capital, provincial and district budgets, investors and other lawful capital sources.
Growing cashews on heavy, tightly packed clay, feralite soil in hills with floating rock layers or gravel layers close to the surface; discrete sandy soil with too deep groundwater layers, the plant still lives but does not grow and gives very low yields.
In particular, the emulation movement "Nice stadium" in building a new countryside,
Contribute to increase income for the family
Provincial - level Justice Departments shall coordinate with provincial - level Youth Unions and concerned agencies and units in training and disseminating the law on children, children's rights and child - related policies and laws to members of the Children's Councils.
sisters and brothers
Crutches
Pursuant to the Circular No. 15/2015/TT-BNNPTNT dated March 26,2015 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Directive of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in Document No. 467/BNN-TY dated January 15,2020 on enhancing the prevention and fighting against animal diseases before, during and after the Lunar New Year festival;
Hats
If the solid channel cross-section has a different size, the support level specified in Appendix 1 shall be applied, in which the amount of cement as designed shall be supported and the remaining amount shall be supported additionally in cash.
not yet,
The Party Committee will be clean and strong throughout its tenure. To strive for the targets set in the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
Regulation on organization and operation of the Management Board of historical-cultural relics and landscapes of Binh Dinh province
salt water
Symptoms: Infected noodle plants have symptoms of short internodes, short and small leaves, the plant is lower than normal, the top shoots are shortened, the leaves turn yellow, fall or die dry.
The Regulation on criteria for recognition of the titles "Cultural Family", "Cultural Village", "Cultural Village" and "Cultural Quarter" in Binh Dinh province
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 42/2017/QD-TTg dated September 20,2017;
Only use pesticides when pests appear and reach the threshold for prevention (attention should be paid to the following periods: after harvest, flowering, fruiting, large fruits...).
No more houses, relatives temporarily shelter in the forest; no more food, relatives live on vegetables, forest tubers, fish under the stream, keep the spirit of staunch Party, follow Uncle to the end in the fight against the West, chase America.
Advise Party committees and local governments on effective settlement of issues related to religious security and rural security so as to prevent the formation of "hot spots" for security and order in localities;
there are twelve months 
Going through the rice,
In the coming time, in order to improve the quality and effectiveness of the construction of the all-people movement to protect the public security, the police of Vinh Thanh district will focus on leading and directing the strong launch of the all-people movement to protect the public security through the core role of the police force
In addition, commune population officers shall coordinate with women's associations in distributing leaflets and documents on reproduction and family planning knowledge to women on their social occasions.
Average per capita income in 2019 reached 12 million VND/person/year
bundles,
phenomenon,
To go to public schools operating under the mechanism of financial autonomy supported by the state budget.
To settle complaints and denunciations arising in the course of organizing recruitment examinations.
If it is amended, supplemented or replaced, the amending, supplementing or replacing documents shall apply.
crying voice,
Pursuant to the Decision No. 555/QD-UBND dated February 29,2016 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province on approval for adjustments to investment rates for afforestation, zoning off and regeneration of forests, protection of protective forests, specialized forests and landscape forests in Binh Dinh Province;
Pursuant to Decision No. 2412/QD-BNN-KHCN dated June 22,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
The economic model of hill garden farms, high-efficiency breeding appears more and more in mountainous and highland communes.
I'm going to the grocery store today.
Construction of communes to meet the standards of access to law and coordination in state management of construction and implementation of village codes and conventions
What's the best bird to sing?
Commune-level People's Committees shall publicly announce the list of fishing vessels applying for assistance at the offices of commune-level People's Committees and villages.
Financial Mechanism
full of
Up to now, the entire district has built dozens of typical models of "Nice Stadium" in the fields of economy, culture - society, security and national defense.
This year's military handover ceremony in Vinh Thanh district was held quickly, solemnly and in accordance with the law.
Summary speech of the Festival. 
thanks,
According to the report of the authorities, so far in the district has established and assigned tasks to the members of the Steering Committee; has issued plans to meet 4 levels of the disease; the authorities have fully implemented measures to prevent and control infection, assigned staff on duty 24/24 to prevent and control acute respiratory infections caused by the new strain of Corona virus; spraying disinfectant chemicals Cloramin B at all schools, markets, agencies and units in the district and Health Centers to prevent and control COVID-19
To step up population and family planning work towards socialization of population work, helping Vinh Kim fulfill its local economic, cultural and social development, hunger eradication and poverty alleviation tasks.
The sacrifices of relatives are great, the Party and the State always recognize and praise.
the kettle,
The State shall formulate plans for compensation and recovery of land under planning,
Harvesting Methods
Article 4. Regulations on periodical and irregular information and reporting
To coordinate with district Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Sections in annually organizing 2 - 3 short - term vocational training courses with vocational certificates for all trainees who are employed farmers and know how to apply their knowledge to family economic development.
In the past two school years, the work of the district's children's team and movement has seen many positive changes.
Coordinating agencies: Departments and sectors of provinces; central agencies in provinces;
softened
phoenix bird
patriotic emulation movement 
Which one,
Up to now, the life of members has 52 rich households, 310 fairly rich households, 326 average households, 121 near poor households, 381 poor households, accounting for 37.46%.
In furtherance of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 50/2014/QD-TTg of September 4,2014, on policies to support the raising of efficiency of household animal husbandry in the 2015-2020 period.
August 2019: 
Squirt
It is known that at the end of 2018, the number of poor households in Vinh Thanh district was 4,357 households, accounting for 44.33%.
the racket,
Pillow Up
To strengthen the inspection and control of the transportation and trading of cattle and poultry to timely handle the violations as prescribed.
The group with the same interest in safe vegetable production has developed its operational regulations, elected the Executive Board, the group leader to implement the work of the group.
younger brother
The "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" activities of the province are organized according to practical topics and themes.
Pea has 31 % protein content, with 8 types of essential amino acids and 49% starch content.
Remember to cook the rice,
The executive committees of ministries shall regularly include thematic contents in 2020 in their regular and thematic activities at least once a quarter.
To attach importance to the development of Party members, continue implementing Resolution No. 18 of the XIIth Party Central Committee on streamlining and efficient operation of the Party apparatus, stepping up and consolidating the building of clean and strong Party grassroots organizations, and raising the leadership and combat capabilities of Party grassroots organizations.
Flap Barrier
To direct grassroots police forces to intensify 24/24 patrol in localities, roads and business establishments such as restaurants, eateries, karaoke parlors, gaming establishments, etc., to detect and strictly handle organizations and individuals that fail to comply with the Government's regulations on social isolation.
Compared to the first survey (in 2015), this survey applies information technology in all stages, from management, direction and administration to network building, information collection, inspection, data acceptance, data processing, and announcement of survey results.
There are many kinds of pomegranates.
Provincial Police: 
In mountainous regions, especially in the valleys with hidden mountains often appear morning and afternoon fog that reduces the intensity of light, cashew trees there can still grow normally but very poorly fruiting, negligible yields. 
Thousand
Vice Chairman: 02 children. 
The provincial Military Command shall be responsible for checking bombs, mines and explosives in the areas where the festival is held and cooperate with the provincial police.
Accordingly, by 2020, Vinh Thanh district has assigned 58 youths, achieving 100% of the target, including 50 youths performing the military service, 8 youths performing the People's Public Security service.
The movement "Small Plan", "Lì xì heo đất trao góc học học giúp bạn học tốt", the program in cooperation with the district school encouragement association awarded scholarships to disadvantaged children on the district table, the model "Help you go to school", "Double friends progress together"...
Recruitment Announcement: 
Stage 3, from the 20th Provincial Party Congress to the 13th National Party Congress, focus on disseminating the Resolution of the 20th Provincial Party Congress.
With seeds, the morphological sign of ripening indicates when the seed coat turns from green to grayish-brown. Usually seeds ripen a few days later than the fruit so when the seeds are ripe the fruit is overripe and falls to the ground. 
To direct the Council's standing body to prepare necessary dossiers and documents and issues to be discussed at its meetings; to ensure conditions for the Council's operation.
Fee payers 
By the end of 2019, all levels of Farmers' Associations in the district in cooperation with the District Social Bank disbursed with proceeds of 44.9 billion VND, collected debts of 36 billion VND, increased the total outstanding debt in the area of 116.6 billion VND with 2,488 borrowing households.
at another time,
Cooler
It is expected that by 2021, the herd of cows in the whole district will be around 16,500, the proportion of cross-bred cows will account for 97% of the total herd, of which high-quality beef cows will account for 6.3%; the output of beef cows produced from cages will reach 2,600 tons/year.
Other ministries and sectors shall, based on their assigned functions and tasks, coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, concerned ministries and localities in formulating mechanisms and policies, managing and guiding the implementation of the Program.
The commune-level People's Committees and people in the villages have selected specific contents and jobs to follow Uncle Ho's instructions, namely: focusing on economic development and building a new countryside.
In Kon Blo village, Vinh Son commune, the rate of poor households decreased by 4 to 5 households per year on average.
foldable
Here, doctors and physicians have organized medical examination and drug supply for 107 people who are meritorious to the revolution in Vinh Hoa commune.
Small and medium - sized enterprises, cooperatives, cooperative groups and households operating under law.
eclipse,
The body.
The number of traditional martial arts instructors represents about 50 masters and coaches, with the rest specialising in fighting.
Dude, I...
It can be said that infrastructure works in service of socio-economic development in Vinh Thanh district in recent years have changed the appearance of rural and mountainous areas, contributing to trade, convenient travel and people's life is more guaranteed.
In particular, focus on some objectives and targets such as: The average economic growth rate increased by 14.9%; strive to raise the average per capita income to 20 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households annually reduced from 6 to 7%; the rate of rural laborers trained over 40%; budget revenues increased by 8% or more; annually, 20% of Party members achieved clean and strong or more, no weak members; the rate of admission of Party members annually reached 5-6% of the total number of Party members.
Influenza
After the announcement of the results of the second round, the second round review score (if any).
scum,
to love,
The Youth Union of Vinh Thuan Commune has cooperated with local departments and unions to regularly promote propaganda and education, actively study to improve cultural and professional qualifications to meet the requirements of industrialization and modernization of the country.
rewind 
Initial results in the joint implementation of handling of administrative procedures on single-window electronic software, with close and synchronous participation of vertical agencies, are well recognized and assessed by the people, organizations and superior agencies.
The congresses in the commune Party's branches all took place in an exciting atmosphere, on time.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Finance 
In addition to the propagation and mobilization of people in the Twinning Villages to maintain political security, social order and safety,
Security and order
Currently, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has 51 grassroots Party organizations, through assessment and classification at the end of the year, there are 47 grassroots Party organizations successfully fulfilling their tasks, including 09 grassroots Party organizations excellently fulfilling their tasks.
water groove
Away from the banks of the river, there was still the rumbling of the water.
Sowing
Besides the achievements, the campaigning work in the district in 2019 still has shortcomings and limitations such as:
One of you raised your hand: 
luck,
And submit to the provincial People's Committee for approval. Balance capital sources, integrate socio - economic programs for the implementation of the Scheme; guide the financial and fund management of the Scheme.
To serve the formulation and formulation of socio-economic development policies for ethnic minority areas in the 2021-2025 period.
According to the statistics of the Agriculture and Rural Development Division of Vinh Thanh district, the entire district has 46.6 hectares of fish ponds, 78 hectares of extensive fish farming in the reservoir. Particularly, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh lake currently has 29 households in Vinh Thanh town and Vinh Hao, Vinh Hiep and Vinh Thinh communes with the number of 350 fish cages, the average production of more than 450 tons per year.
Combined irrigation and drainage channels and aquaculture water supply channels: If the designed channel cross-sections are of sizes corresponding to those specified in Appendix 1, the support levels specified in Appendix 2 shall apply.
Thereby, the association has mobilized 100% of its members to participate in the model of saving and building rice jars with an annual revenue of nearly VND 4 million and 140 kg of rice.
He worked and played, running to his mother and to his father, and sometimes to the yellow butterflies in front of him.
The elderly aged 90 years shall be congratulated and presented with gifts of VND 150, 000 and VND 500, 000 in kind by the presidents of the provincial People's Committees.
Hey, hey, hey.
In 2020, the organization of Party building of the district focuses on the tasks such as: preparing to well organize the Congress of Party Committees at all levels towards the 18th Congress of the Party Committee of the district for the term 2020-2025.
This policy provides for a number of incentives and supports of the State for organizations and individuals conducting the research into, selection, creation, restoration, production and trading of plant varieties;
As a result, rice yield in mountainous villages has been increased to an average of 60 tons/ha.
Actively study, improve legal knowledge, participate in domestic violence prevention in each member and community.
The semi-finals and finals of the "School Law" Competition shall be held according to the Competition Rules and the guidance of the Central Competition Organizing Committee.
On November 27, the Program Coordination Office of Binh Dinh Province organized a training course to improve the capacity of officials of villages and residential clusters in Vinh Thanh district.
scream,
threatening
With the attention of the Party and the State, the life of Bana people in Ta Lét village in particular and many other localities of Vinh Thanh district in general has changed markedly.
In order to improve the living standards of the people in the Village, the Village Branch 2, Vinh Thuan Commune has focused on leading and directing the implementation of the targets set by the annual Resolution and achieved remarkable results.
To concentrate on well performing the recruitment work, ensuring publicity, transparency and prevention of negative phenomena.
Organizational structure, payroll and finance
Over the years, with the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has developed and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas associated with poverty reduction.
By the afternoon, the whole family had grown a large pile of rice.
(does) note 
Ms. Le Thi Vinh Huong, Deputy Director of the Department of Tourism 
To continue reforming administrative procedures at all stages in order to simplify and shorten the time for carrying out investment and construction procedures.
If so, the scale is shrinking.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 15/2012/TT-BNV dated December 25,2012 of the Ministry of Home Affairs;
The situation of political security - social order and safety continues to be maintained and stable, not to happen hot spots, the basic targets are achieved and exceeded the plan.
Strengthening the inspection of official duties right after Tet holiday, timely reorganizing agencies and units that have not strictly implemented the working time as prescribed.
The Farmers' Association of Vinh Son Commune has also launched the model "Farmers say no to black credit and domestic violence" with 118 farmers' members of Kon Blo Village, Vinh Son Commune participating.
Activities of children participating in local children's councils
Implementation time: According to the plan and guidance of the central government.
Through the support from the project programs, ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh have now gradually accessed new health services, the quality of medical examination and treatment continues to be improved.
To continuously promote the attraction of capital sources and projects to create conditions for youth to develop their economy and improve their living standards.
A number of other relevant tasks under the direction of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
"Hybrid rice is a new variety, so initially when the local government campaigned to put it into production, not only me but many people in the village also hesitated, worried about not ensuring the technique and efficiency unlike pure rice production. 
At the ceremony, units of the Provincial People's Procuracy, Binh Dinh Petroleum Company and the District People's Procuracy also presented many gifts to Mrs. Xuan's family, which are essential utensils for daily life.
sour maker
The association promotes study promotion activities, talent promotion, helping poor people overcome difficulties to study well, associated with the movement "Build friendly schools, active students" and the two-zero campaign of the education sector.
Continue to implement the project in the remaining functional subdivisions.
do what,
cucumbers,
Pursuant to the Circular No. 02/2017/TT-VPCP dated October 31,2017 of the Minister-Chairman of the Government Office on guidelines for controlling administrative procedures;
In 2019, the work of hunger eradication and poverty alleviation in the district continued to have many positive changes, the material and spiritual life of the people is increasingly improved.
- For mountainous districts of An Lao, Van Canh and Vinh Thanh, the provincial budget shall provide 100% support.
To coordinate with provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Services in appraising and reporting appraisal results to provincial-level People's Committees for issuance of decisions to support fishermen.
The contingent of ethnic minority cadres in highland communes will be step by step improved in qualifications and capacity and paid more attention to regimes and policies; ethnic minority people will always believe in the leadership of the Party and the State; actively participate in patriotic emulation campaigns and movements in all domains, especially the campaign for building a new countryside.
In personnel work, the Party Committee branches shall select comrades who fully meet the criteria, have political stance, moral qualities, capability and prestige according to the Party's regulations to be elected to the new Party Committee with a rational structure and in line with the personnel orientations already agreed upon by the Party Committee Standing Committee.
urinary bladder
As a result, ethnic minority people gradually abandon the habit of nomadic farming and stick to wet rice production, their lives are markedly improved and food security in mountainous areas is firmly guaranteed.
Children stand for election, nominate and present their programs of action at the inter-team or nominated unit level.
Since then, it has contributed to changing the face of rural areas, improving the material and spiritual life of the people, creating the people's confidence in the Party and the State.
purlins,
Here's some water. Have a drink. Do you want to go to Nhon's house?
Some products increased quite as wood chips increased 19.2%; bricks increased 7.1%, vegetable oil increased 4.8%, footwear of all kinds increased 50%, agricultural tools increased 7.7%.
Purulent diseases: Currently, there is no drug treatment, only prevention and elimination of transmission is the main.
The contents that are not amended in this Decision shall still comply with the Decision No. 44/2018/QD-UBND dated August 28,2018 of the People's Committee of the province.
Long Phuoc Pagoda Jacuzzi, Tuy Phuoc District
Article 2. This Decision takes effect on the date of its signing.
Annually, about 68% of commune and township military branches are ranked as clean and strong.
The Central Propaganda Department has just organized the implementation of the theme of learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh in 2020 on "Strengthening the great national unity bloc, building the Party and the political system clean and strong according to the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh".
To act as the standing body advising and assisting the provincial People's Committee and the provincial Education and Training Public Employee Recruiting Council in organizing public employee recruitment;
Up to now, Vinh Thanh district has 952 families of elderly members achieving cultural titles, accounting for 42.27% of elderly members in the district.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the directors of the provincial/municipal Services:
sparrow,
To ensure the targets and quality of enlisted youth, the district Military Service Councils have well carried out the process of recruitment and call-up of citizens for enlistment, ensuring strictness and proper subjects.
Till the soil, make a 2.5m wide bed and dig a hole of 50 x 50 x 50 cm.
Logistics system development
The survey and planning shall be carried out closely and in coordination between the Forest Protection Service and the district's functional branches, the Vinh Thanh District Protective-Forest Management Board and Song Kong Forestry Company, ensuring to minimize forest damage, minimize environmental damage and suit the conditions of agricultural production.
nest (bird) 
Official Letter No. 20-CV/HDDTW dated February 10, 2017 of the Central Team Council on the pilot implementation of the Children's Council model;
- Those who were former secretaries or deputy secretaries of the provincial Party Committees, presidents or deputy presidents of the provincial People's Councils or People's Committees, and those who were former members of the provincial Party Standing Committees in different periods;
I want to buy a pond to spread.
Assisting the Recruitment Council (Member cum secretary of the Recruitment Council).
In recent years, thanks to the attraction of investment resources, many civil works are invested in construction, the life of people in Vinh Thuan commune has been stabilized and is gradually being raised.
About a month from now.
spread out,
- Organizing recruitment examinations; marking examinations.
In 2020, the organization of Party building of the district focuses on the tasks such as: preparing to well organize the Congress of Party Committees at all levels towards the 18th Congress of the Party Committee of the district for the term 2020-2025.
tiredness,
a stream,
Vinh Kim commune currently has 450 households, with more than 1,847 inhabitants, of which ethnic BaNa people account for about 94% of the population.
Typical households are Mr. Ha Van Phu, Vu Van Dat, Nguyen Van Moo in village M8; Dinh Mien in village M9.
Manage the implementation of planning, construction quality, operation and maintenance of works; promote the application of information technology in management and database connected to the Standing Office of the Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control and Search and Rescue of the province.
In the past 5 years, Vinh Son War Veterans Association has always united, promoted the tradition of "Old Ho Army", modeled participation in many activities in the locality such as: encouraging and helping each other in difficulties and tribulations, helping each other to develop economy, participating in activities to maintain security and order in the locality.
To well carry out the work of mobilizing the masses to participate in the cause of protecting the national security and maintaining social order and safety in the locality.
What day is tomorrow?
In April 2020, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh District cooperated with the Bank for Social Policies and the Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development to disburse 193 households loans with the amount of VND 8.3 billion, increasing the total outstanding debt by over VND 145 billion.
The clerk said to him,
In order to help people master the technical process of raising perch with square heads, the provincial Agricultural Promotion Center has organized training for households participating in the model and 10 households outside the model in Vinh Hoa commune.
Requirements for environmental factors at each stage of atrial growth vary widely.
According to Ms. Dinh Thi Ngay, Chairwoman of the Women's Union of Vinh Kim Commune, at present, the entire Association has more than 95% of its members are Bana people.
they,
After considering the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province's Report No. 159/TTr-UBND dated November 18,2015 on plant variety development policies for the 2016-2020 period;
From semi-public preschool institutions to people-founded preschool institutions
Recently, farmer associations at all levels in the district regularly coordinate with specialized sectors, participate in advisory activities, support on varieties, fertilizers, capital, transfer of scientific and technological advances... for farmer members.
Strictly controlling pupils and trainees coming from epidemic areas to districts; promptly detecting and immediately reporting to health agencies on suspected cases or cases showing signs of disease in order to prevent and avoid the spread of the epidemic.
My sister is now a village school teacher. She is married in the next village so she often visits home. My three brothers are studying at an ethnic boarding school in Vinh Thanh district. They often visit home on Sundays. I am the youngest in the family.
The commune-level People's Committees and people in the villages have selected specific contents and jobs to follow Uncle Ho's instructions, namely: focusing on economic development and building a new countryside.
First you can visit my mausoleum, and then you can go to my mausoleum.
There are costumes, working tools, houses of different ethnic groups.
Vinh Thanh district currently has 1 Center of Vocational Education - Continuing Education participating in vocational training for rural workers of less than 3 months and elementary level with agricultural and non-agricultural occupations.
Supported by the State for investment in technical infrastructure outside the project fence (traffic, electricity supply, water supply and drainage);
To inspect and guide 54 grocery business households in the districts to make commitments not to store, purchase and sell firecrackers and dangerous toys.
The provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services shall coordinate with the district-level People's Committees in inspecting and evaluating the current status of the dyke system; elaborate and implement dyke maintenance plans according to the motto "4 on the spot".
There are certain connections with districts, cities in the province and central to form a chain of activities.
scanning (home) 
dancing singing
On requesting the provincial People's Committees to pay attention to and support localities in measuring and compiling cadastral dossiers and granting certificates of forestry land use rights to people because the balanced sources and allocation of funds of at least 10% of the total annual land use levy or land rent of localities fail to ensure.
The application for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages shall be sent to members of the Council.
Along with the province's support seeds, Vinh Thanh District has also invested in fertilizers, transferring scientific and technical advances to people by hand.
Branding of beef and beef in Binh Dinh province: VND 2,100,000,000 
The Association always pays attention to the propagation and encourages its members to raise their will to self-reliance, self-reliance, spirit of overcoming difficulties, not to suffer from poverty, diligence, creativity in labor and rise in life.
Promulgating the Plan for implementation of the Action Month 2017 in the provinces, specifically as follows 
bad day
thanks.. so.. 
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, heads of relevant departments, Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities and persons specified in Article 1 of this Decision shall implement this Decision from the day on which it is signed./. 
Villages shall arrange appropriate sowing time for each region to avoid adverse weather conditions and strive to finish sowing by the end of January 2020.
To act as the agency in charge of comprehensively directing the implementation of this Plan; to periodically organize preliminary and final reviews and comprehensive evaluation of the implementation of Action Program No. 22-CTr/TU and Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW for reporting to the provincial Party Committee.
Several waves of terrorist attacks were carried out, but no officials were revealed, no legitimate establishments were declared, and virtually no secret revolutionary camp in Vinh Thanh was discovered by the enemy.
Pursuant to the Law on Science and Technology dated June 18, 2013;
The role of village elders, hamlet chiefs and prestigious persons in ethnic minority areas shall be paid attention to, attach importance to and promote, contributing to building the great national unity bloc.
Each Party member contacts himself to make a commitment to cultivate, train and strive of individuals, and sets out directions to strive to follow, overcome their limitations and shortcomings in the process of work and daily life.
As a result, rice yield in mountainous villages has been increased to an average of 60 tons/ha.
not floating,
Phan Tho hamlet, Tay Son district 
On requesting the provincial People's Committees to pay attention to and support localities in measuring and compiling cadastral dossiers and granting certificates of forestry land use rights to people because the balanced sources and allocation of funds of at least 10% of the total annual land use levy or land rent of localities fail to ensure.
Deployment of disaster recovery in 2019 in terms of housing, production restoration and essential infrastructure.
Slippery
The old man said, " The forest of gold and silver. "
Deploy propaganda and visual advocacy, complete propaganda publications about the festival. 
Papayas
the wedding,
Chairman of the People's Council
At the same time, agricultural byproducts such as: straw, corn stalks after harvesting corn, sugarcane leaf tops, noodle leaf stems, peanut wire...reserves for feed for cows. 
Schools and training institutions:
Young worms are dark pink and very flexible, externally covered with a layer of fluff, the head is black. Young worms are 15-19mm in length. Adults belong to the family Pyralidae, order Lepidoptera. Adults usually lay eggs between the fruit and the seed. 
Every day for a few days, he went to cut down the trees behind the house to return the site to the construction unit.
Do you have any pills to take?
Regarding the effectiveness of the province's hybrid rice seed support program, Dinh Van Boi of Ta Let Village, Vinh Hiep Commune said:
Document No. 6297/UBND-KT dated October 15,2018 of the People's Committee of the province on formulation of the project for investment in construction, upgrading and repair of irrigation works in the 2021- 2025 period;
In order to early stabilize the teaching and learning situation and ensure the completion of the program and time plan for the 2019 - 2020 school year under the direction of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee in Directive No. 09 dated 22.4.2020 on ensuring safety for students in the province when returning to school after the temporary leave for Covid-19 prevention and control.
Regularly clean the garden, clean weeds and take care of healthy plants to limit pests. When severe in the period of young shoots can use one of the pesticides to spray such as Sherpa 25 EC, Decis 2.5 EC, Cymerin 25 EC.. with a concentration of 0.3%.
From the results achieved, with the plan and roadmap to build a new countryside in the next years, especially the joint efforts and unity of the political system and people, Vinh Kim commune will continue to complete many targets and criteria to build a new countryside.
Chief of Office of the provincial People's Committee 
Thanks to the diversification of economic models, the rate of poor households in Vinh Thuan is decreasing.
Build a new toilet area
flattened
With the aim of promoting socio-economic development in difficulty-hit communes in order to improve the living standards of ethnic minority people, the district has implemented in time programs, projects and funds to support difficulty-hit communes and villages in production development and social security policies.
To organize scientific research activities in service of the preservation, embellishment and restoration of historical - cultural relics and scenic places in the province.
Programs: 
Article 5. Price subsidy for hybrid rice varieties
Mr. Vo Van Nhon in Vinh Hao Commune is one of the seniors in cage fish farming on Dinh Binh Irrigation Lake.
Focusing on solving the existing and pressing issues in the reality of violence against women and girls in the locality
On June 13, the Red Cross of Binh Dinh province held a groundbreaking ceremony and handed over money to support the construction of gratitude houses from benefactors to poor households in exceptionally difficult circumstances for Le Thi Tha's family, An Phuoc and Anh Dinh Luong Ham villages in Village M2, Vinh Thinh commune, Vinh Thanh district.
Or have 3 consecutive years of maintaining and promoting the cultural title sent to the movement steering committee.
Other regulations of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on management of agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety, quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water in the province.
As a driving force for socio-economic development, ensuring security and defense
To coordinate with provincial border guards and local People's Committees in supporting fishermen and vessels in safe anchorage and storm shelter areas.
Continuing education
The inscription on the border stone 
The establishment of this professional association has made the activities of its members more convenient and practical because they share the same profession, have a common interest in breeding resources, rearing techniques, rearing process and output market.
Corner up.
drink,
Elderly people aged 70, 75, 80, 85 and 95 will be given gifts of VND 100, 000 and VND 200, 000 in cash.
You used to hunt a lot, now you don't.
shivering,
The Director of the Relic Management Board shall report to the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
the bucket,
- The budget allocated by the commune/ward/township People's Committee, the subsidized irrigation charge;
Update the disaster preparedness plan and local disaster response plan, approve it in the second quarter of 2020 and implement it.
Fork
Mr. Dang Kien Duc, Specialist of Primary and Preschool Division, Department of Education and Training.
squirrel
In 2019, the whole district will strive to reduce by 50% the number of households of people with meritorious services to the country in the category of multidimensional poverty, corresponding to 138 households, and by 2020, strive to eliminate poor households being households of people with meritorious services to the country.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related units in, reviewing and classifying pupils and students at universities and colleges
take out,
the money,
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Departments, sectors and mass organizations; People's Committees of districts, towns and cities and related units in, properly implementing Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP.
Surely I must contribute to making the spring of the homeland more and more beautiful.
Article 2. The Steering Committee is tasked to advise and assist the provincial People's Committee in directing concerned districts, cities, departments, branches and mass organizations to :
The directors of the provincial State Treasuries and the heads of the concerned units shall have to implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
out,
Morphological ripening is the period when the fruit is fully ripe and is usually completed after physiological ripening. Therefore, to ensure high-quality products, it is necessary to harvest when the fruit is morphologically ripe.
tastes,
Repairs
At the same time, all levels, sectors and localities shall invest, integrate and mobilize capital sources to support the construction and renovation of material foundations and procurement of equipment for the system of semi-boarding general education schools.
On the other hand, the production and business establishments are largely small, have little capital, obsolete technologies, the environmental treatment is spontaneous, there is no report on environmental impact assessment; the craft villages have not been planned, causing environmental pollution; the consciousness of business owners is not high, and the idea of running after profits... are the risks that affect the environment.
To bring into play the achievements, the Young Pioneers Association of Vinh Thanh district continues to promote patriotic emulation movements such as the "Age - a bright example" movement in association with "Learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh"; Taking care of the spiritual and material life for members, so that the elders are assured "Live happy, live healthy, live usefully for the family and society.
The management and protection of forests are paid attention to.
100% of recruits, family members and delegates have their body temperature measured and disinfected before entering the military delivery area.
of all,
to yield,
To implement policies to support poor ethnic minority women in giving birth in accordance with the population policy under the Government's Decree No. 39.
To conduct grassroots conciliation; to build communes up to law access standards by 2020 in Binh Dinh province.
To comply with Decision No. 1290/QD-BNN-TCCB dated April 17,2015 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development on assignment and decentralization in the inspection, supervision and specialized inspection of food safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products under the management of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
untidy hand,
The most cheerful are probably the people in Vinh Son Commune, especially when the new road is completed and put into use during this Tet.
In the afternoon of December 2, Mr. Dang Hoai Tan, deputy of the National Assembly of Binh Dinh province, met voters in Vinh Thinh commune after the 8th session of the XIVth National Assembly. 
Lifting
(in) there 
To concentrate on completing the system of intra-field canals and ditches in order to bring into full play the efficiency of irrigation works, restructure crops and livestock to help intensive farming increase crops and productivity; to strongly develop cattle and poultry herds in the direction of farms and family farms.
Growing plants
With the method of communication of teachers just presentation combined with practice and discussion has created a vibrant atmosphere and easy to absorb in learning to bring more knowledge to vegetable growers.
Don't run. Take it easy.
The investment level of each martial arts studio shall not exceed VND 30 million for renovation of training houses and procurement of training equipment and tools.
Duration of a course: Not more than 3 months. 
the rabbit,
look back,
and then,
to the infirmary 
The main agricultural occupations are breeding techniques, disease prevention and treatment for buffaloes, cows, pigs, poultry, aquatic birds; planting techniques for pest management on plants; intensive planting techniques for fruit trees, paper material trees.
Her lessons are always interesting and attractive to students.
In the context of the complicated development of the Covid-19 epidemic in many provinces and cities throughout the country, leaders of the district police asked the police force in the district to always participate with the highest sense of responsibility and the most drastic to work together with the political system to effectively prevent the epidemic.
Currently, Vinh Thanh district has 1,185 officials and members of veterans who are living in 59 associations
peak (mountain) 
projector,
In the 2021 - 2025 period: Development investment capital is VND 6, 000 billion and non - business capital is VND 1, 520 billion.
the price,
Country of Viet Nam
First I visited Uncle's mausoleum, visited Uncle's mausoleum. Then we visited One Pillar Pagoda, Hoan Kiem Lake, the Zoo. Every place is beautiful but my favorite is the Ethnology Museum. There are costumes, labor tools, houses of many different ethnic groups.
On this occasion, you also proposed that the Party Committee and local authorities regularly pay attention to the lives of Vietnamese Heroic Mothers and policy families in the district, helping them stabilize their lives.
from now on,
With the support program for hybrid rice varieties of the province, over the past few years, 100% of ethnic minority households in Vinh Thanh have put into production hybrid rice according to intensive cultivation process.
The semi-finals and finals of the "School Law" Competition shall be held according to the Competition Rules and the guidance of the Central Competition Organizing Committee.
The upgrading of martial arts studios shall comply with the following criteria: clear passages; parking lots; green, clean and beautiful environment; toilets; and appropriate places for training, performance and competition.
In recent years, the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development has coordinated with the People's Committees of communes and townships to proactively carry out agricultural production, inspect and supervise the quality of agricultural materials for production at the trading and business establishments; inspect and remedy damage at the reservoirs and intra-field canal system, ensure the supply of water for irrigation of agricultural production.
Time for formulation and submission to the provincial People's Committee: 2017.
Plus the same priority score (if any) in the final target to be recruited, the person with a higher score in the second round of examination is the successful candidate;
obstacles 
The total amount of donations is 12.3 million VND
Participating in the group, farmers will be supported by the safe vegetable project in Binh Dinh province in training, technical guidance on the production of vegetables, certification of VietGAP standards, support to connect with the product consumption market.
Today, they took him with them to the fields.
After removing the devil, the villagers did not see Mrs. Ho Bien anywhere. Only the rock she sat on suddenly appeared strange inscriptions that looked very beautiful. Since then, people call that rock Ho Bien stone.
Mr. Nguyen Van Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Finance 
still intact 
Weeding, fertilizing
Your father's away.
Since then, people have more confidence in the guidelines and policies of the Party and the State, peace of mind for socio-economic development in the locality.
Up to now, the rate of trained and retrained laborers accounts for 41% of the total number of laborers in the whole district.
However, mosquito bugs can appear throughout the day in dense, damp orchards.
continue,
For the environment, besides the involvement of local authorities, it is very necessary to have the consciousness of the farmers themselves in collecting garbage; avoiding littering or pollution around the family's residence area; not releasing dogs and cats; using plant protection drugs properly, stopping before collecting according to the manufacturer's instructions, bottles and packages of drugs should be collected and gathered at a prescribed place.
Stored
Up to now, the entire district has built dozens of typical models of "Nice Stadium" in the fields of economy, culture - society, security and national defense.
According to the Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh District, on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the 27.7th War Invalids and Martyrs' Day, Vinh Thanh District received 1,002 gifts from the State President to policy beneficiaries in the district.
Children of class B wounded soldiers, children of revolutionary activists before the general uprising (from August 19, 1945 onwards);
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 449/QD-TTg dated March 12,2013;
After announcing the results of the 9th session of the XIIth Provincial People's Council, Mr. Dinh Yang King answered petitions related to voters of Vinh Hoa commune such as: Requesting the provincial People's Committee to invest in repairing and upgrading the road from Vinh Hoa commune to Binh Thanh commune, Tay Son district.
It is known that up to now, Vinh Thanh district has 30 police officers who have been assigned to hold police titles in 9/9 communes and townships in the whole district.
The emulation movement "Nice stadium" associated with the grassroots emulation movement is implemented by localities and units, making important contributions to local socio-economic development.
To guide the implementation of a number of contents of the Government's Decree No. 66/2006/ND-CP of July 7,2006,
Required
to say,
Associations at all levels shall regularly maintain entrusted borrowing activities with the Social Policy Bank of the district.
Application of technical advances in citrus fruit cultivation
Scope of regulation: This process prescribes technical requirements on planting, tending, prevention and control of harmful pests and diseases, preliminary harvesting and preservation of transplanted cashew trees produced in Lam Dong province.
At the same time, in order to celebrate the outstanding achievements that the children have achieved, the district team board also awarded certificates of good grandchildren to Uncle Ho and gifts to 85 outstanding, caring, good students.
Location: Communes where high-quality beef cow breeds are cross-bred.
A dossier of application for a certificate of food safety knowledge, the process of certification of food safety knowledge, management of certificates of food safety knowledge 
The anti-erosion embankment of Kôn river in Vinh Thanh town has a length of nearly 2.5km from Ha Ron bridge to Dinh Binh bridge with the aim of restoring production, protecting the safety of people's lives and property, minimizing risks caused by natural disasters, preventing river erosion, stabilizing the flow and increasing the flood drainage capacity of Koon river section through Vinh Thanh town.
Digging and preparing the planting hole: Before planting, it is recommended to design the orientation and planting distance for accuracy. If planting in rows, it is necessary to design rows in the North - South direction so that the plants make full use of light conditions for foliage development and the resulting flowering later.
Provincial-level Finance Departments shall guide and examine the use of funds for carrying out activities in the Action Month according to regulations.
- Oh, oh.
In furtherance of Directive No. 35 of the Political Bureau and Plan No. 58 of the Standing Board of the Provincial Party Committee on the Party Congresses of all levels, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party, the Standing Board of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee promptly issued a plan on implementation, thoroughly grasping and directing the implementation in the entire Party Committee of the district.
Crossbows
To intensify the application of information technology;
Attending and directing the meeting were Mr. Nguyen Huu Vui – Deputy Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr. Le Van Dau – Chairman of the District People's Committee.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Agriculture and Rural Development Service, the director of the provincial Finance Service, the director of the provincial State Treasury, the commander of the provincial Military Command, the commander of the provincial Border Guard Command,
In 2019, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh township has focused on leading and directing the implementation of the Directives and Resolutions of the Party, policies and laws of the State; the Resolution of the 8th Party Central Committee, XIIth Congress; Directive No. 05 of the Politburo on learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh.
stand,
Annealing sawdust: Mix sawdust with diluted lime water to moisten evenly and then heated into piles on wooden shelves, under the shingles or bamboo, on the pile with rain shelter.
The Ministry of Construction shall promulgate a Regulation on management of use and operation of dormitories for students; and a model house lease contract applicable to projects on dormitories for students.
delicious
Over the past years, Vinh Thanh district has focused on stepping up the administrative reform in line with the practical conditions and situation of the locality, aiming to create positive changes in improving the quality and efficiency of settlement of administrative procedures, better and better meeting the needs of organizations and citizens, creating a driving force for socio - economic development.
To review and advise provincial People's Committees on directing the relocation of people from frequently flooded, flash flooded and landslide-prone areas.
Application of felling the roots of citrus fruit trees during the period of basic construction (trees 2 - 3 years old), do not allow the roots of the pile to grow too deep, easy to meet groundwater vessels to rot the roots of the pile.
The leadership of the district police has directed and thoroughly grasped the local police to further drastically deploy all aspects of work, ensuring the prevention and control of Covid-19 in parallel with the work of ensuring security in the locality.
Inspect and take actions against violations against regulations on construction investment, construction quality, management of use and operation of student housing within their competence.
Does that require a lot of wood and weeds?
flock (chicken) 
Thank you, Uncle.
To direct units to formulate implementation plans according to set schedules and requirements;
harmful
whipped,
Create a friendly and civilized working environment
The contents focus on the propagation of the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, especially policies for poor households, near-poor households and households escaping poverty.
Bees
At the same time, to coordinate with functional branches in enhancing the inspection and strict control of livestock breeds imported from other localities.
Pest prevention and control
According to the report of the People's Committee of Vinh Quang Commune, this summer, Vinh Quang Commune plans to put into production 118 hectares of rice. The sowing season starts from April 10 to 20.4 
Thanks to the good organization of vocational training, each year Vinh Thanh district has solved from 600 to 700 new jobs for rural workers.
Throughout the history of the struggle for national liberation, construction and defense of the socialist Fatherland, the people of ethnic groups in the district always unite, stick together against nature, foreign invaders, share the joy, cultural exchanges, help each other develop economy.
With a support of 40 million VND, plus savings and children's contributions, he made the house nearly 100 million VND.
around,
stepping 
In order to strengthen the implementation of epidemic prevention and control directions of the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Ensuring clean schools, clean classrooms, airy, clean dormitories; ensuring sufficient clean water, hand soap (water form), quick hand disinfection for officials, teachers, students and learners in educational institutions.
Head of the Steering Committee has assigned members and implemented the plan to respond to natural disasters of Dinh Binh reservoir.
call me,
one hundred,
Forget it, come down next Sunday.
Vinh Thanh District Medical Center has received 2,900 malaria rapid diagnosis test kits from the Regional Initiative Project to Prevent and Eliminate Drug-Resistant Malaria Supporting Amino Acid
On the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2020, the Management Board of Vinh Thanh district construction investment project organized the goods supply program on the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2020 for mountainous people in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim and Vinh Hoa communes of Vinh Thanh district and Vinh An commune, Tay Son district.
different,
Especially to reform administrative procedures under "one - stop shop" and "interlinked one - stop shop" mechanisms so that agencies, enterprises and citizens in localities can grasp the process of handling administrative procedures and, at the same time, supervise the administrative reform by cadres and civil servants at People's Committees at all levels.
more.. more..
shake (head) 
birds,
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development, Health, Industry and Trade, Finance and heads of relevant agencies and units shall implement this Decision from the date of signing./.
Visiting Vietnamese Heroic Mothers Nguyen Thi Bui 95 years old, Tran Thi Lap 88 years old and Phan Thi Hung 85 years old, currently living in Tien An Village, Vinh Hoa Commune, Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu graciously visited the health and life of the Mothers and wished the Mothers happy and healthy life, set bright examples of ethics and revolutionary traditions for young generations to follow.
The provincial/municipal Culture and Sports Services shall act as the standing bodies of the Organizing Committees.
Typical in this movement is veteran Tran Van Minh in Ta Diek village, Vinh Hao commune. 
In the summer and autumn crops, it is recommended to plant on high soil, well drained, avoid waterlogging when heavy rains. Sown in April-May, harvested in June-July. 
Decision on approval for the program for development of research and production of varieties and breeds for agricultural restructuring in the 2021 - 2030 period 
In young cashew orchards, due to the continuous growth of seedlings, mosquito bugs destroy all year round. Mosquito bugs cause trees to dry their tops, burn their leaves, dry flowers, lose their fruits. 
During the term 2015-2020, the Party Executive Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has focused on leading the entire political system to unite and strive to emulate productive labor, socio-economic development, maintain security and defense, successfully achieve the socio-economic objectives and tasks set out by the Resolution.
It's a...
demanding,
every day,
In addition, the district Women's Unions at all levels continue to renew the contents and modes of operation, focusing on the grassroots, paying special attention to ethnic minority areas.
TECHNOLOGY
poor,
Dangerous
To provide services within the functions and tasks of the Relic Management Board as prescribed by law.
Decision No. 3487/QD-UBND dated October 07,2015 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province on approval of the Irrigation Planning of Binh Dinh Province for the period 2015 - 2020 with a vision to 2030;
Create opportunities for children to express themselves and enjoy the right to participate in children.
It is known that the group with the same interest in safe vegetable production is voluntarily established by farmers with common interests in accordance with law to promote the spirit and strength of the collective, of each member in order to help each other effectively implement production, business and service activities to increase income and improve the lives of the group members.
With simplicity in mind, Uncle is not far away, but from the small things in everyday life,
Fertilizer amount per year for 1 plant: Ure 0.8kg, Supe Netting 1kg, KCl or K2SO4 0.6 kg, manure 25kg.
Discussion topic: What we may not know about the Vietnamese peoples in Binh Dinh and in the whole country.
Article 3.-The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial/municipal Culture and Sports Service and the head of the provincial/municipal Ethnic Minorities Committee shall :
hill,
On the morning of April 14, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized the handover (the first time) of funds donated in support of Covid-19 prevention and control with the amount of VND41.7 million to the Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control of Vinh Thanh district, to carry out the prevention and control of Covid-19 in the district.
The 6 - level foreign language proficiency framework applicable to Vietnam or certificates of proficiency in ethnic minority languages for working positions requiring the use of ethnic minority languages.
Results to be achieved 
Ethnic minority cultural exchange and family affairs program in 2019 aims to raise awareness for people of all strata to participate in building and developing ethnic minority culture;
Today, more than 7 thousand students of Vinh Thanh highland district came to the school for the opening ceremony of the 2019-2020 school year.
To coordinate with provincial-level State Bank branches in examining, certifying and summarizing data requested for debt freezing or remission for use as a basis for provincial-level People's Committees to submit to the Government for decision on debt freezing or remission according to regulations.
At the end of the meeting with voters in Vinh Thanh district, National Assembly deputy Le Cong Nhuong noted and explained the issues raised by voters under his authority.
Ethnic minority households producing hybrid rice in areas suitable for hybrid rice production under local annual plans certified by local administrations.
In 2019, the rate of poor households in the district decreased to 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to 2018.
and,
It is remarkable that since 2009, Resolution 30a of the Government has been implemented in 62 poor districts, which has blown a new wind into the lives of people in the mountainous district of Vinh Thanh.
Through this project has really created new opportunities for workers to access to advanced scientific and technical levels, thereby enabling them to improve efficiency in production, contributing to improving people's lives.
Feed and Feed Solution: 
The provincial People's Committees shall direct: In order to perform the land management in each locality under the Prime Minister's direction, the district People's Committees should take initiative in working out solutions, striving to increase the annual collection of land use levy and land rent by 10% of the total annual land rent and land use levy for the performance of tasks under the Prime Minister's direction.
legs,
Authorizing the People's Committee of Quy Nhon city to :
Article 1. To approve the design and cost estimates for the construction of the project on caring for and additional planting of indigenous trees in protection forests with the following principal contents:
In order to celebrate the 37th anniversary of Vietnamese Teacher's Day, on the afternoon of November 16th, Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School organized a competition for brocade weaving and knitting among students.
tongue (axe) 
Guarantee of health and time to join the Children's Council.
At the meeting, National Assembly Deputy Le Cong Nhuong informed voters of the draft agenda of the upcoming 9th session of the 14th National Assembly.
pouring (water) 
Finishing 
On the morning of November 18th, the Vietnamese National Day chose Dinh Tam Village, Vinh Hao Commune as the venue to celebrate the 89th anniversary of the Vietnamese National Day of Remembrance (18.11.1930-18.11.2019) and the National Unity Day 2019.
In preparation for the festival, the school invited artist Yang Danh and artist Dinh Kim to provide advanced training for the students, this is also an opportunity to light up the pride of the traditional culture of the children's nation.
about.
Part I Introduction 
Scuba Diving
kitchen,
Children's Councils shall be set up on a pilot basis at the provincial level. Children's Councils shall be elected and selected by children themselves and represent the voices of children in their respective localities.
Summarize the implementation, evaluate the effectiveness and report to the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee and the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism in December every year.
Chief of Office of the Provincial People's Committee, Director of the Department of Education and Training
Many essential works have been completed and put into use, bringing practical efficiency, contributing to changing the face of rural areas, promoting socio-economic development, improving the material and spiritual life of people.
(After being promulgated), the Law on PBGDPL, the Law on Grassroots Conciliation and guiding documents;
The recovered land area is 1,033.9m2, including: residential land 38m2, annual crop land 338.7m2, wet rice land 657.2m2. 
Pest Prevention and Control
At the congress, delegates elected 15 comrades to the Vinh Hiep commune Party Committee for the term 2020-2025.
Fertilizing techniques combined with care
Start-up support; legal support for businesses; complaints and denunciations; environmental protection; food safety and hygiene; fire and explosion prevention; road traffic safety;
Soil selection and soil preparation: The soil must have a lot of humus, with a PH of 5.5 - 7.0 proactive watering
In the evening.
Young intellectual members who have volunteered for rural and mountainous development for full 24 months or more and fulfilled their tasks will be given 2.5 points for round 2 exam results;
- The program on accident and injury prevention and combat for children: VND 270,000,000.
Using hoes and other specialized tools to create an alligator-style potting hole, creating a single or double bed.
seasons
banana pepper
Pipe
Deeply aware of the importance of the Party Congresses at all levels, in the coming time, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee will continue to direct the successful organization of the Congresses of affiliated branches and Party Committees, proceeding to successfully organize the 18th Congress of Party deputies of the district, the term 2020 - 2025, meeting the trust of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and the expectations of the people in the district.
Mr. Nguyen Dinh Hung, Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training.
Meet the standards for access to law in 2020 of agencies, units and localities as prescribed by law.
dreaming,
Manage and understand activities of foreigners, especially the number of people returning from epidemic zones or related to people coming from epidemic zones, be ready to handle situations arising at each level.
Emergency Dispatch No. 735/CD-BNN-TY dated 03/02/2020 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development on intensive and synchronous implementation of measures to prevent and control bird flu;
cooked (cooked) 
To maintain political stability, security and social order and safety, creating important conditions for sustainable socio-economic development.
Over the course of 6 months of implementation, environmental pollution has been gradually overcome, village roads have become more and more spacious, clean and beautiful, and people's awareness of environmental protection has been raised.
In 2019, the whole district will strive to reduce by 50% the number of households of people with meritorious services to the country in the category of multidimensional poverty, corresponding to 138 households, and by 2020, strive to eliminate poor households being households of people with meritorious services to the country.
Deployment location: 
Through the cooperation with the transaction office of the branch of the Social Policy Bank of the district, up to now, the War Veterans Association in the district has helped more than 472 members borrow nearly VND 18,500 million.
food (raspberry) 
unloading (home) 
By doing concrete work, the Party Committee of Vinh Hao commune has combined with mass organizations to organize many propaganda sessions to raise the awareness of cadres, party members and the people about the significance and importance of agricultural economic restructuring for all people to implement.
skimmed
In Kon Blo village, Vinh Son commune, the rate of poor households decreased by 4 to 5 households per year on average.
buffalo stabbing ceremony
It's not far, it's on the highest mountain!
is no longer,
Stage 2 from the 18th Party Congress of the district to the completion of the 20th Party Congress of the province.
At the beginning of 2019, Vinh Thanh district has 24 people participating in labor export.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of Local Government dated June 19, 2015 
Besides, to make the best use of central investment and increase capital mobilization from local budgets; to actively mobilize contributions of enterprises and the participation of the community in socialization.
Vibration
By 7: 20 p.m., Vinh Thanh district completed the handover of troops to achieve 100% of the above targets.
Organizational Structure
To guide, inspect and summarize the implementation of the Scheme; to periodically report thereon to provincial People's Committees and the Central Team Council; to review the implementation of the Scheme.
Implementing the appeal letter of the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the district to agencies, units, organizations, enterprises and individuals inside and outside the district to support the prevention and control of Covid-19, on the afternoon of August 8, leaders of Vinh Thanh District Police arrived and handed over an amount of VND3 million to the Interdisciplinary Disease Control Team for Covid-19 Prevention and Control of Vinh Thanh District located at Go Lei Station.
Step 1: The Standing Committee of the provincial delegation shall issue a decision to establish a board to campaign for the establishment of the provincial-level Children's Council.
Through the year-end review, there were 288 farmer households achieving the title of good farmers at all levels, achieving 115% of the plan (of which 03 at the central level; 16 at the provincial level; 106 at the district level and 163 at the grassroots level).
The total installed capacity of solar power is 2,849 MWp. 
Can I come with you?
poor,
Chief of Office of the Provincial People's Committee; Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development, Industry and Trade, Natural Resources and Environment, Planning and Investment,,
outside (home) 
To approve lists of fishing vessels eligible for participating in or providing fishing services in remote sea areas.
Along with the support policies of the State, ethnic minority people in the province have made efforts to eradicate hunger and reduce poverty by learning and applying new knowledge to production.
Farmers' Association of Vinh Thanh District handed over houses to poor farmer member Dinh Thi Nghien in village M9, Vinh Hoa Commune
To closely follow the assigned tasks in the Law on PBGDPL, the Law on Grassroots Conciliation, the National Assembly's Resolutions and the Prime Minister's Decision No. 619/QD-TTg of May 8,2017.
At the end of the meeting with voters in Vinh Thanh district, National Assembly deputy Le Cong Nhuong noted and explained the issues raised by voters under his authority.
Accordingly, in order to reach the rate of over 98% of second graders (including pupils >7 years old) and first graders who are full 7 years old in the 2019 - 2020 school year and 7 - year - old children who do not go to school in the community, they will be additionally vaccinated with 1 dose of tetanus - diphtheria vaccine on the scale of communes and townships.
Each year, Vinh Thanh district invests tens of billions of VND from the capital sources of Program 135, Program 30a, the national target program on building a new countryside, to build infrastructure in ethnic minority areas.
No, I don't want to eat. Go get me Oresol.
that area,
At the same time, providing 10 tons of microbiological organic fertilizer for farmers to liner before planting, in order to enhance nutrient elements and humus in the soil.
How to plant: The hole must be dug about 1 month before planting with a hole size of 0.6 - 0.8 m wide and 0.6 - 0.8 m deep.
the star,
The main agricultural occupations are breeding techniques, disease prevention and treatment for buffaloes, cows, pigs, poultry, aquatic birds; planting techniques for pest management on plants; intensive planting techniques for fruit trees, paper material trees.
The board shall be composed of 07 - 15 members, including representatives of the leadership of the provincial trade union, the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs and the Department of Education and Training;
Especially, citizens and organizations can monitor the progress of handling of their administrative procedures, whether they are overdue or on time, and which organizations and individuals are responsible therefor.
Commune Farmers' Associations shall coordinate with Party Committees and local administrations in organizing many activities such as: Responding to the National Week of Clean Water and Environmental Sanitation, the World Water Day, the World Environment Day, the campaign to make the world cleaner under the theme of each year.
Basic fertilizer (August – November): Organic fertilizer + Super phosphate + lime. 
To raise the awareness and leadership and direction responsibilities of Party committees at all levels, administrations, mass organizations, agencies, departments, branches and people in dike management and dike protection and flood and storm prevention and control preparation
How many thousand for bananas?
On the development of rural trades
Guiding the implementation of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg of July 13,2010.
The Congress has spent time discussing and adopting the Resolution on objectives, targets, orientations and tasks for the 2020-2025 tenure.
In association with the implementation of the Scheme on capacity building of grassroots conciliators in the 2019 - 2022 period and the program on training in legal knowledge and conciliation skills for conciliators,
tell,
Tourism, Culture and Sports, Finance, Transport, Industry and Trade, Health, Information and Communications;
The Party Congress of Vinh Thuan commune is one of the three grassroots-level congresses of the province and also the district-level congress.
Flowering Preparation Spray Foliar Fertilizer Flower 95 (15g/8 liters) + Bo-Lak, Canbo-Lak or Feed-DT02 Premium Foliar Fertilizer Cotton Size
sway,
appoint (do) 
Neighborhoods
tomatoes,
The exchange program combines sightseeing at the furnaces, historical and cultural relics and tourist attractions of the province:
dust (trees...) 
To propose district-level People's Committees to strictly, resolutely and definitely handle each violation in accordance with law.
In implementation of Directive No. 35, dated 30/5/2019 of the Politburo "on the congress of Party committees at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party", the Party Executive Committee of the district issued Plan No. 66-KH/TU, dated 19.8.2019 on the implementation of the congress of Party committees at all levels.
To coordinate with provincial - level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments in inspecting the observance of regulations on management of agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety, quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water by production and business establishments in their localities.
Capital for conservation and development of non-timber forest products (specialties);
Implementation of tax exemption or reduction policies in accordance with law to encourage furnaces to operate.
Through the implementation of the national target program on NTM construction, up to now, the communes' completed criteria have been recognized such as: Criterion 1 on planning, criterion 3 on irrigation, criterion 4 on electricity, criterion 8 on post, criterion 15 on health, criterion 19 on social security and order.
The Council's annual operation fund shall be allocated to the provincial / municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Service according to the estimates for management and spending according to the State's regulations.
Guidance No. 35-HD/HDĐTW dated 08/3/2017 of the Central Team Council
Immediately after the launching ceremony, the youth union forces marched and marched on the main roads in the district, in response to the movement "All people practice swimming and prevent drowning in 2019" in the district.
incense mushrooms
Currently, 100% of highland communes have health stations.
Education and training, healthcare and culture have made significant changes.
Thanks to that, Bana Village M2 people's life is increasingly improved.
In addition to the full vaccination of epidemic prevention for poultry flocks. The family is also regularly sprayed by veterinary staff to disinfect the breeding area, the family's barn.
This is an occasion for ethnic minority people and responsible agencies and organizations of the Party, the State and associations and mass organizations to review the achievements and shortcomings.
bumpers
Mr. Le Hoang Nghi, Deputy Director of Department of Finance;
Investing in equipment containing nitrogen to preserve crystals (capacity 30 - 35 liters, made in Europe).
- Coordination schemes and programs on PBGDPL;
Six grand.
The Council shall work collectively through meetings chaired by its Chairman or Vice Chairman (when authorized).
Promulgating a number of policies to encourage the development of handicraft and cottage industry villages in Binh Dinh province
On December 16, the police of Vinh Thanh district held a ceremony to open the peak offensive to suppress crimes, ensure public order, protect the Lunar New Year 2020.
The support of gongs for ethnic minority schools in the district is a program of practical significance, demonstrating the Party's and the State's interest in preserving and promoting traditional cultural values of ethnic minority people in the district.
Every year during the flood season, the Kôn River is deeply dug into the production land, there have been about a dozen hectares of agricultural land swallowed up by the "cheerleader", dozens of houses are threatened each flood season.
Mr. Huynh Thanh Than, whose house is next to the embankment,
Immediately after Vinh Thanh district Party Committee has a plan to guide the organization of Party congresses at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has deployed to all subordinate branches; at the same time assign the standing members of the Party Committee of the commune to take charge of the branches regularly closely, direct and promptly remove difficulties and problems in the preparation of congresses at the grassroots level.
The provincial Military Command shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with local People's Committees in, conducting search and rescue on the mainland and act as a major force in response to and search and rescue.
At the request of the Provincial Standing Committee in Report No. 330 TTr/TĐTN- CTTN dated May 19, 2017,
To organize the clearance of trees on dyke roofs, dyke foot and within the dyke protection limits in service of the inspection and handling of incidents in the first hour of the rainy and flood seasons.
Mobilization from organizations and individuals to exploit martial arts activities for tourism
Smell khai 
Next question: How many days is a week?
rich,
Social safety
And promote the value of historical and cultural relics, scenic spots owned by the state has been ranked in the province.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Lifelong Learning Response Week 2019, Vice Chairman of District People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao affirmed: The Lifelong Learning Response Week is an opportunity to continue honoring, preserving and promoting the precious tradition of filial piety of the Vietnamese nation.
full of,
and contributions of domestic and foreign organizations and individuals and other revenue sources as prescribed by law.
The average household income by region is based on the data provided by the Binh Dinh Department of Statistics to determine the tuition fees.
Vinh Son commune sets out the goal of striving to complete the system of roads of villages and hamlets; the system of intra-field irrigation of the concentrated production areas; building, strengthening and developing the system of cultural institutions, improving the quality of the movement of cultured families, cultured villages, preserving and promoting the cultural identity of the nation, contributing to the implementation of the objectives of socio-economic development of the commune.
The Executive Board of the Project consists of the following persons :
sitting,
At the same time, to improve the advisory work for Party Committees and administrations in the training of defense knowledge for local subjects, making important contributions to well performing the task of building all-people defense.
- On the development of livestock;
In order for the meat of the fish to be delicious and crispy, the farmer will have to feed the fish with silk beans.
After considering the Report No. 163/TTr-UBND dated November 25,2015 of the provincial People's Committee on the issuance of policies to support the solidification of canals and intra-field canals in the period of 2016-2020;
This is the 9th consecutive year, Pham Hong Cau's family has granted Pham Van Trinh scholarship to Binh Dinh students.
sickness
caring,
prevented,
youngest son
To coordinate with one another in distributing opinion polls and referendum cards, summarizing proposals on specialized issues and issues related to children for summarization and sending to provincial - level Children's Councils.
Thanks to good propaganda and advocacy work, it is recommended to attract a large number of women of childbearing age to commune health stations for free medical examination, counseling and drug supply.
Create level 1 branches: When the seedlings reach a height of 45 - 50 cm, it is necessary to press the tops to create level 1 branches. Only 3 - 4 level 1 branches are distributed relatively evenly in the directions. These level 1 branches usually choose strong branches, less curved, 7 - 10 cm apart from the main trunk and create with the main trunk an angle of approximately 450 - 600 to the canopy frame evenly and airily.
The major viewpoints, undertakings and orientations stated in the draft documents of the XVIIIth Party Congress of the district Party Committee, the XXth Party Congress of the province and the XIIIth Party Congress, especially the orientations and tasks of building and defending the Fatherland in the subsequent years, continue to step up industrialization, modernization and international integration.
- Seed reserve unit: The Plant Seed Center under the provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Service shall produce and reserve 100 tons of seeds;
Once, in a panic, he ran home and asked his mother,
To continue promoting revolutionary traditions, to be a spiritual fulcrum for children and grandchildren to build harmonious families and preserve national cultural traditions.
To direct and guide credit institutions in localities in stepping up the implementation of credit policies for agricultural and rural development.
To raise the level and techniques of intensive husbandry for farmers.
in (home) 
Accordingly, Binh Dinh was selected as one of the 5 localities to pilot the provincial-level Children's Council in the 2017 - 2020 period.
The program and contents of activities on "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" in Binh Dinh must comply with the following principles :
To organize practical activities at the grassroots level and in villages, hamlets and street quarters in association with the spirit of solidarity, equality and respect among ethnic groups, mutual assistance in all aspects.
To accelerate the upgrading and repair of dikes, reservoirs, bridges, roads, anchoring areas and other works under the 2020 plan, ensuring the completion of flood control before August 31, 2020.
Next year,
Finished
welding
Despite being treated in many places, but due to the bullet wound through the lungs, causing damage to the spinal cord, Mr. Trớ was paralyzed, necrotic wounds, injury rate of 93%.
- Leaders of provinces and cities;
Ensuring compliance with the approved plans, objectives and schedules of component projects.
Arrange parking lots for organizers, delegates, spectators and organizing units.
From August 08 to August 11, 2019, implement the approved plan.
Currently, the associations are entrusting 11 loan programs with total outstanding debt of over 115 billion VND in 62 credit institutions to 3,097 households.
Discovering and honoring the typical environmental protection becomes the community cultural lifestyle of ethnic groups.
Under 20 hectares of protective forest land, specialized forest land and the list of works and projects whose land is expropriated by the State for socio-economic development in the national and public interests in 2019 in the province;
Applying advanced science and technology, creating products of high quality and economic value to meet the market demand.
To date, 100% of village roads and alleys are concreted, 100% of households have access to clean water; 100% of households use electricity for lighting.
coldness,
reclining 
To review and improve the quality and effectiveness of activities of the contingent of law rapporteurs and law communicators in an intensive and specialized manner.
"Teaching and learning foreign languages in the national education system in the 2008 - 2020 period" in Binh Dinh province (hereinafter referred to as the Steering Committee), including the following persons:
Here, doctors and physicians have organized medical examination and drug supply for 107 people who are meritorious to the revolution in Vinh Hoa commune.
Binh Dinh Province's Safe Vegetable Project Coordinating Board has just coordinated with the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development to open a training course on the field for farmers with similar interests in safe vegetable cultivation in Vinh Son commune.
- To develop Binh Dinh traditional martial arts; to develop programs and columns on conservation and development of traditional martial arts kilns in the province.
In order to create conditions for youth members to access the preferential capital sources of the State to invest in the development of the family economy, Vinh Thanh District has taken the initiative in coordinating with the Transaction Office of the Social Policy Bank of the district in receiving entrustment and establishing a Savings and Loan Team, with a total outstanding debt of more than VND 18,500 million, lending 340 youth union members.
buffalo club,
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh district will continue to effectively implement state investment sources in ethnic minority areas.
Guiding the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development/Economy of Hoai An and Hoai Nhon districts to develop documents and organize training courses for farms, pig farms and pig collection establishments on safe meat production and supply chains;
How often,
Obtain at least an associate degree in preschool pedagogy;
Specifically, to enhance coordination with branches and mass organizations; to step up public information work with contents and forms suitable to local customs, practices and awareness of local people, especially ethnic minority people.
Requirements
sad,
Organized 65 patrols, inspections and sweeps of forests as planned.
hunting,
In 2020, the recruitment and call-up of citizens for enlistment in the army and citizens performing the People's Public Security Service obligations shall be determined as one of the key tasks of localities by Party committees, administrations and Military Service Councils at all levels.
Through the contest, it will help raise the awareness of officials and people of all strata about the implementation of the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws on fast and sustainable poverty reduction.
dear,
Illuminate
Planting distance and density
denied,
In the meetings, members are encouraged to strictly comply with the regulations on environmental sanitation and the criteria of the "5 no, 3 clean" campaign.
In the face of the above situation, the district police has coordinated with the police of communes and townships to review and make a list of 21 teenagers who regularly violate traffic order and safety, open special education classes and make written commitments not to relapse into violations, call for deterrence to the subjects who regularly drive motorcycles racing drag, splints causing traffic disorder and safety.
- Being located in 3 mountainous districts, sandbank communes, island communes and poor households.
In particular, Binh Dinh Petroleum Company supported 50 million VND, the People's Procuracy of Vinh Thanh district supported 10 million VND, the rest of the family added.
A two-thousand-and-a-half book.
Environmental Solutions: 
What kind of animals do you hunt?
In her role as the head, Ms. Dung advises the Party Committee, local authorities and the superior Association to strengthen and strengthen the Executive Committee and the chapter leaders who are enthusiastic and dedicated to the Association.
To appoint a leading official of the provincial / municipal Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Service to act as the deputy head of the Advisory Board of the Council for Children.
panic,
It is known that the exploitation output in the first 9 months of the year is estimated at 35 tons, reaching 60% of the plan, of which the cultivation output is estimated at 20 tons, the fishing output is nearly 15 tons.
what to bring,
Not harvested after long periods of rain, when the content of active ingredients is low and the ratio of fresh / dry herbs is very high, long drying. Should be harvested on sunny days, to ensure that the herb has a beautiful blue color.
Pile Driver
Wheat Rice
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 98/2018/ND-CP dated July 05,2018;
From top down (From central to provincial, district, city, commune, ward, town to village, hamlet, neighborhood 
Our country is rich and beautiful. On the forest there is a lot of good timber. Under the sea there are many fish, shrimp. In the ground there are many precious minerals: gold, silver, iron.. Our country is sunny, rainy, trees are green all year round, there are many mountains, many rivers and many beautiful landscapes: Ha Long Bay, Nha Trang sea, Phong Nha cave.
At the end of the meeting, Mr. Dinh Yang King, deputy of the provincial People's Council, absorbed the petitions and proposals of voters to submit to the relevant departments and branches for consideration and settlement and submission to the provincial People's Council in the next session.
In particular, there are many targets achieved and exceeded compared to the Resolution.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 43/2014/ND-CP dated May 15,2014;
Team leaders of districts: 08 children. 
toads
The propaganda messages 
To minimize drowning, especially drowning children, the universalization of swimming and drowning prevention knowledge and skills for children is an urgent solution.
Most of the people contracting forests are ethnic minority people, living still difficult.
To continue reforming administrative procedures at all stages in order to simplify and shorten the time for carrying out investment and construction procedures.
Thereby making an important contribution to helping farmers eradicate poverty and get rich sustainably, building a comprehensively developed agriculture in the direction of increasing the proportion of husbandry, services, cultivation and soon completing the national goal of building a new countryside.
cover,
In addition, the propagation to raise awareness for the community about natural disaster prevention is focused 
In addition to the above-mentioned positives, there are still difficulties in COVID-19 prevention as there is currently no vaccine for COVID-19; preventive measures are mainly based on environmental sanitation, personal hygiene, etc., so the risk of community transmission of the disease is very large.
Plan to implement the scheme on development of 15,000 cooperatives, guide the implementation of the program on one product for each commune in the period of 2018-2020 and thematics on rural environmental protection; innovate and improve the effectiveness of rural production organization forms.
The Foreign Affairs Department shall coordinate with the Culture and Sports Department in carrying out procedures for entry and exit of foreigners;
I swear,
The design parameters of rectangular sectional concrete channels include 123 sections with sizes of width B (m), height H (m), thickness t (m); in which it is necessary to determine the height of water level to control irrigation, channel bottom slope, irrigation area, design flow to select the channel sectional size in Appendix 2. 
The house was started construction around July 2019. Over 3 months of deployment, the construction has been completed.
Shaping, pruning branches to create ventilation for plants, cleaning, weeding... especially in the time before flowering. Raising black ants in the garden to limit the growth of mosquito bugs. 
Slit
In particular, the commune has directed the effective use of the project of production development associated with the value chain from the supply of materials and input services associated with the consumption of beef cow products is implemented in 3 villages O3, Dak Tra, Kon Tru with a total of 12 animals. 
The conference to unify the work of election of village chiefs shall proceed in the order of planned steps.
On the morning of April 14, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized the handover (the first time) of funds donated in support of Covid-19 prevention and control with the amount of VND41.7 million to the Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control of Vinh Thanh district, to carry out the prevention and control of Covid-19 in the district.
The order and procedures for identifying eligible subjects and renting dormitories for students:
Do you know for sure?
ODA: VND 502.88 billion; central budget support: VND 530.45 billion; provincial and district budgets: VND 402.67 billion.
at the beginning,
Provincial Party Committee member
On the first day of entering Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for Early Childhood Education, Dinh Thi Thuy Hang, in Klot Pok village, Vinh Thanh town was quite surprised.
In recent years, the Party Committee and the administration of Vinh Thuan commune have always paid attention to promoting propaganda and population-family planning work to create positive changes in people's awareness.
and (pump) 
Dinh Thi Boi, a Bana ethnic person from K3 village, Vinh Son commune, said: "In 2017, I was able to participate in the agricultural trade class that was opened in Vinh So commune.
at the end of
Funds for organization of recruitment of administrative employees shall be allocated from recruitment entrance fees collected from candidates and additionally allocated from the provincial budget (if any).
Unfamiliar
Pest prevention techniques: Prevention of weeds and early pests, especially: Autumn caterpillars, stem borers, leaf spot disease, physiological diseases caused by weather
Thorough and timely tillage can cost a little, but long-term calculation is actually highly effective because it reduces the care of the latter and creates favorable conditions for cashew gardens to grow and soon be harvested.
Attract the interest and action participation of individuals, agencies, organizations and society
Article 2. The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development shall preside over and cooperate with People's Committees of districts, towns, cities and relevant agencies in organizing the effective implementation of this Plan in the province.
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in Report No. 2707/TTr-SNN dated August 19,2015,
Through the activities, farmers members have eliminated superstition, social evils, preserved social security and order in the locality.
Frequently,
Hurricane
People's Committees of provinces and central-affiliated cities
Funding sources for implementation of the Scheme:
faking,
- Infrastructure for agricultural production;
In the first 6 months of the year, despite many difficulties and challenges, with high determination in the direction and administration of the District Party Committee, the District People's Committee, the close supervision of the District People's Council along with the consensus, efforts of branches, localities, businesses and people in the district, the socio-economic situation in the first 6 months of 2019 continues to have a relative growth.
break (hand) 
I want to be a postman.
To build and tend leading variety gardens, seedling forests and nurseries; to produce seeds at all levels; to preserve and process seeds in an industrial manner;
These jobs pose a risk of spreading cattle and poultry diseases, affecting the economy and people's health.
Campaign "Family Building 5 no, 3 clean" 
(Appendix 2: Plan for breeding Zebu and Drought master cattle for the period 2015 - 2020 enclosed herewith).
a son,
To assume the prime responsibility for advising on the implementation of schemes, programs and plans on development of marine and island tourism
Up to now, most communes and townships in the district have ethnic minority people living, the main occupation is still agricultural production, so agricultural extension for ethnic minority areas is considered an important task, contributing to hunger eradication and poverty reduction for ethnic minority people.
In the spirit of "All for our beloved children", you suggest that all levels, branches, mass organizations and the entire society continue to step up the care and education of teenagers and children, jointly contributing to creating favorable conditions for the organization of Ho Chi Minh Young Pioneers to develop more and more strongly.
To thoroughly supervise the injection of agar impurities into raw shrimps in Hoai Nhon district and Quy Nhon city.
It is known that the Management Board of the district construction investment project will set up many sales teams at the point of sale to serve people in mountainous communes, the price of goods for Tet is equal to the market price and is listed specifically at the point of sale.
Implementing the project to support women start-ups in 2010, recently the district Women's Union in cooperation with the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh town supported Le Thi Hoa's members in Dinh To Quarter, Vinh Thanh town 100 chicks more than 20 days old and feed to put into breeding. Total funding for implementation of more than 2.3 million VND
In addition, it is necessary to feed buffaloes and cows enough to be full, add starch such as rice bran, corn, potatoes, cassava.
organ (buffalo) 
To study, select and create fast-growing and disease-free shrimp breeds for intensive and semi-intensive shrimp rearing areas.
Decision No. 65/2009 / QD-TTg dated April 24, 2009 of the Prime Minister 
flock (birds) 
Attending and directing the conference were Mr. Nguyen Ngoc Tho, Deputy Director of the provincial VBSP, in the district there was Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee.
Poor boy and his monkeys,
To make payment and settlement of support funds for fishermen strictly according to the State Budget Law and the prescribed reporting regime.
In order to improve the efficiency of fish farming in the locality, Vinh Thanh district will continue to re-plan the cage fish farming, fish farming in small ponds, suitable lakes.
Mr. Truong Dong Hai - Deputy Director of the Department of Culture and Sports;
there's,
ambush,
In 2019, population officers and collaborators have coordinated to propagate 12 sessions on population-family planning, child marriage and close-related marriage, with more than 300 participants; providing many contraceptive service packages for women in the area of childbirth.
The main rice varieties produced in this Winter-Spring crop are Bio 404, MHC2, rice varieties added DV 108, Khang Dan mutant.
downstream (water flow) 
The total capital needed to achieve the project's objectives is VND 6,987,845 billion.
Objectively, despite positive socio - economic changes in mountainous and highland areas, the economic growth rate remains low and the economic structure is slow and unstable.
In order to proactively prevent and control the epidemic for cattle and poultry, in March 2020, Vinh Quang commune has implemented the vaccination of poultry influenza, foot and mouth disease for cows, sows and breeding males in the first phase of 2020.
In order to ensure order and security, the police of Vinh Thanh district will concentrate to the utmost forces to fulfill the objectives, including:
The State encourages all economic sectors to participate in research into, selection, creation and production of breeds, especially breeding of certified (or equivalent) breeds, which satisfy the requirements of breeds up to standards for production.
Accordingly, from 2015 to 2018, Vinh Thanh district has set up procedures to settle 307 women in poor households of ethnic minorities, who are entitled to support policies with a total amount of VND 614 million.
At the same time, coordinate with reputable labor export enterprises to organize consultancy and propaganda for village leaders and laborers.
To coordinate with the People's Committees of districts, towns and cities in performing the task of protecting
- Policies to encourage enterprises to invest in agriculture and rural areas;
YOUTH: Yes.
Not yet ripe.
Representative of the provincial TTN operation center: 01 person;
Purpose: To select people who meet all conditions and standards.
Pursuant to the Official Dispatch No. 366/BXD-QLN dated March 12,2009 of the Ministry of Construction;
hide
Currently, the commune is implementing the first vaccination in 2020, the livestock husbandry households also always create favorable conditions for officials to implement the vaccination
Calves
At the same time, creating conditions for the poor to have access to health services, making an important contribution to public health care and improving the quality of life.
Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung visited and wished Tet in Vinh Hoa Commune
Fasteners
slashed,
Organizations and individuals investing in the research and production of plant varieties and animal breeds shall comply with the law provisions on taxes and prices.
Strengthening the education of knowledge and skills of self-protection and self-prevention of abuse for women and children
On each inflorescence trim 1 - 2 stem branches and the top branches leave only 12 - 15 flower branches. 
Soil preparation 
Determine the demand for vaccines for vaccination in 2016; organize the receipt of vaccines supported by the central government and purchase more vaccines for vaccination, ensure adequate vaccines for vaccination as planned.
Clearing river flows to ensure flood drainage
sealed
A production and business establishment is subject to specialized examination, supervision and inspection by only one agency.
deer tree 
Direct People's Committees of communes to publish the list of fishing vessels applying for assistance and the list of approved fishing vessels at People's Committees of communes and villages for supervision.
Older Adults
Characteristics: Cashew scientific name Anacardium occidentale, native to northeastern Brazil, is commonly grown in tropical countries for the purpose of obtaining seeds.
dear,
All activities of the Relic Management Board must comply with the contents specified in this Regulation and other provisions of law.
With the positive contributions of farmers' members in the commune, Vinh Thuan commune has so far achieved 10/19 criteria of the national target program on building a new countryside.
At the same time, organizing 03 drives to propagate forest protection, forest fire prevention and fighting in villages K2, K3, K4, the results have 245 turns of participants.
squeaking
(Enclosed with the Decision No. 2046/QD-UBND dated June 07,2017 of the People's Committee of the province)
lifting,
The Council shall operate on the principle of democratic centralism, public discussion and decision by majority voting.
On holidays or when guests arrive, villagers often gather in their houses to drink liquor, dance, and sing.
jungle cat
I, uh...
From the school year 2017 - 2018, adding traditional martial arts to the competition program of Phu Dong Health Association at district and provincial level.
Organized extensively in the Team facilities, arousing in the children and the entire society the spirit of solidarity, mutual affection, willing to share the difficulties, encouraging to create trust and consensus with children on the way to make dreams come true.
Educational, cultural, economic and social characteristics of Vietnamese ethnic groups in Binh Dinh before, during and after the "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" activities.
Pink Algae grapes are more sensitive to fruit cracking than Cu Phong grapes.
Training on coronavirus prevention and control for all village chiefs and health workers in the district
On June 09, 2015, the Government issued Decree No. 55/2015 / ND-CP on credit policies for agricultural and rural development replacing Decree No. 41/2010 / ND-CP dated April 12, 2010.
Currently, the whole district has 9/9 Party Committees of communes and townships with military branches of communes and townships reached 100%, of which 7/9 of the branches have the Party Committee, reaching 77.77%.
election work 
We have both studied theory and practiced on safe vegetable growing model under the Safe Vegetables Project implemented by New Dilan Embassy in the locality.
Report to the Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee for approval of programs, master plans and organization of provincial-level events.
The commune Party Committees should pay attention to well implementing social policies, raising people's intellectual standards, taking care of people's health, stepping up poverty reduction and further raising incomes for people.
On strengthening the Steering Committee for Education and Training Innovation
In order to well implement the model, the associations' expenditures have attached importance to the forms of mobilization, the associations' officials must always be exemplary at the forefront of thrift practice and organize many thrift activities.
To contribute to changing the face of rural areas and promoting socio-economic development in the locality.
It is known that the duration of the course is 2 months, the learners participating in this class are supported training costs and meals during vocational training as prescribed.
The support level of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals or cities shall be at least from 15% to 30% of the approved construction and installation value;
Undertakings and policies of the Party and State on gender equality and gender-based violence prevention and control
Allowance for use of hybrid rice varieties: VND 14, 190 million, accounting for 28.9%;
Thanks to the loan, equipped with knowledge, farmers of Vinh Hoa commune have boldly explored and learned new ways of doing business; actively work, produce, boldly put many high-yield and high-quality plant varieties and animals into breeding, cultivation, promoting the restructuring of plants and animals to improve productivity and quality.
In recent years, the district has given priority to projects in service of production and social welfare such as irrigation, transport, clean water and socio-cultural activities.
Concentrate
Consolation
boiled (broiled) 
Support 75% funding according to milk purchase price for all subjects participating in the Program.
Propagation work is carried out extensively on the radio system, publicly posted at the working office on the overall program of state administrative reform of the Government and the program of state administrative reform in the period 2011-2010 of the province.
squeeze,
I... I...
At the request of the Director of the provincial branch of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies in the Statement No. 133/TTr-SLĐTBXH dated March 04,2014,
People are excited to emulate production labor, animal husbandry development, many households have built tile houses, purchased motorcycles, televisions, no one has to worry about lack of food, clothing.
rejection,
The model of responsible fathers; the model of improving the quality of associations and their members; the model of combating domestic violence and the model of self-government road sections in village 4.
kill,
The province will initially allocate VND 15 million (fifteen million dong) for the procurement of costumes and weapons for performances to tourists in 2012 and 2013.
The State management of breeds
The planting, tending and exploitation of planted forests, the model of planting auxiliary forest products under the forest canopy, ensuring the plan targets under the Resolution of the district People's Council.
ash (water) 
Beetle Hung
I brought a little bucket.
To encourage localities to organize concurrent vaccination against FMD and cholera.
Vinh Thanh is a mountainous district with many ethnic groups living together
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Head of the Ethnic Minority Committee of the province, Directors of Departments of Finance, Agriculture and Rural Development, Industry and Trade, Chairpersons of People's Committees of Vinh Thanh, Van Canh, An Lao, Hoai An, Tay Son and Phu Cat districts and heads of relevant departments shall implement this Decision from the day on which it is signed./.
Funding sources for implementation of the Scheme
And the mechanism of collection and use of tuition fees for educational institutions of the national education system from the school year 2010-2011 to the school year 2014-2015.
Contents: Professional knowledge, capacity and skills of candidates for public employee recruitment according to requirements of working positions to be recruited.
To select and create major domestic and indigenous forest tree varieties for production of big timber and non-timber forest products of high yield, quality and competitive advantage.
Typical households are Mr. Ha Van Phu, Vu Van Dat, Nguyen Van Moo in village M8; Dinh Mien in village M9.
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
To concentrate on building a PBGDPL web portal;
According to the People's Committee of Vinh Son Commune, over the past time, the total area of rice planted in the commune was 305 hectares, up 8.2% over the same period.
Pests: Beetles: Spray conventional treatment drugs such as: Oncol 
On the morning of December 24, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a Poverty Reduction Communication Contest in 2019 with the theme "Joining hands to implement the National Target Program on Sustainable Poverty Reduction".
Investment in component projects in Subdivision 07 - Becamex A Urban and Industrial Park.
But I'm warning you, I'm only here for a little while, I'm not staying late.
Speaking at the Congress, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Secretary of the District Party Committee congratulated the results of the Party Committee's activities in the past term. In the new term, he proposed: The commune Party Committee should focus on completing infrastructure and improving the quality of criteria in NTM construction, developing a variety of industries to serve the needs of production and people's life; there are mechanisms to encourage and create favorable conditions for enterprises and cooperatives to invest in developing a variety of industries and effective production models to improve people's lives.
Breeding quantity is about 20 - 25 kg/ha, depending on the type of breed.
Of which : VND 16,784,880.
Some measures to support citrus fruit trees to fruit well
My Secrets
skirts,
In order to help farmers develop their families' economy, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune has taken advantage of concessional loans and the Peasant Assistance Fund to help many farmer households in the commune to borrow capital for production development, cultivation and animal husbandry. The following article notes, invites people and friends to follow.
On the morning of February 26, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh township summarized the performance of the tasks in 2019 and the implementation of the tasks in 2020.
Recognizing the importance and responsibility of environmental protection for improving health and living conditions, the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune has launched and implemented many emulation movements, in which the association's work and women's movements are associated with the fulfillment of the criteria for building a new countryside.
To strive to achieve 16/19 criteria of the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
cages (chickens) 
In order to carry out the plot, the enemy uses a mixed military force to organize raids, searches, raids, and uses bad traders to investigate the situation, detect facilities, warehouses, hook up bad elements in the locality to establish espionage in place.
Far Away
Through 7 weeks of training, 1 day a week from September 12 to October 24, 2019, trainees are equipped with knowledge about the production process of temperate vegetables such as:
At the land area behind Quy Nhon University (the land area of Military Region V assigned to the province).
sign 
aim (eye) 
Post-harvest pruning: To be carried out after harvesting fruits. Prune all diseased branches, dead branches, overgrown branches, branches that are too thick, trim down branches of grade 1 (if the number of branches of grade 1 / tree is too thick) so that the tree has a balanced canopy. For collected branches, cut off weak branches, too thick.
At the festival, the delegates reviewed the glorious history and tradition of the Communist Party of Vietnam in the past 89 years; listened to the report on the results of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city" in 2019 and orientations and tasks in 2020.
Caring for leading variety gardens, seedling forests, seedling gardens; importing and completing seedling production technology processes; training in propagation technology processes; seedling quality management, etc.
Mr. Mai Van Minh, Head of Economics Department of Veterans Association of the province. 
To sum up the results of settlement of proposals of the Children's Councils.
Rivers
Processing and consumption of agricultural and forestry products
Commune-level People's Committees shall support credit institutions in their localities in the process of appraisal, provision of loans and recovery of debts in accordance with law.
Seeing Min Di as beloved by many, Yă Krua was jealous and looked for an opportunity to harm him.
Article 5. Requirements for design dimensions of reinforced channel cross-sections eligible for assistance
In association with the implementation of the framework program on professional fostering for law rapporteurs and law propagators,
As a result, to facilitate the acceleration of economic growth and improve the living standards of people in the commune.
Project management cost: 
On November 17, Kon Tru village, Vinh Kim commune organized the National Unity Day point in 2019. 
Local budget funds for compensation, ground clearance and construction of technical infrastructure outside fences: VND 10, 800 million.
It can be seen that following the example of Uncle in the district, there has been a positive change, concretized in each job of each cadre and Party member in the implementation of assigned tasks.
from.. to.
Article 4.-The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial/municipal Culture, Sports and Tourism Service and members of the Steering Committee for the movement "All people unite to build a cultured life" in the province
Vibrate the inflorescence to limit harmful powdery mildew on the petals, reduce the content of acids deposited on the flowers, young fruits. Then spray plant protection and foliar fertilizer. 
Policies and projects on poverty reduction are implemented synchronously and effectively, helping the poor improve their lives.
Corn is quite easy to grow and care for, but in order to produce high yields and good quality, farmers need to pay attention to:
To direct district-level Irrigation Departments in guiding organizations and individuals engaged in dike-related activities to strictly comply with regulations on licensing of activities subject to licensing under the law on dikes and supervise their compliance with regulations.
Vaults
Vinh Thanh district currently has 59 villages, including 31 ethnic minority villages.
teasing,
Department of Tourism surveys, evaluates and develops plans to ensure safety for tourists, accommodation establishments, tourism activities, provides adequate information for tourists when there are natural disasters. and implements the plan. 
pounded 
dearly,
Coordinating agencies: Services, departments, sectors, provincial mass organizations and People's Committees at all levels shall implement according to their responsibilities and management scope.
Contents of the Project
In the past five years, the Party and the State have invested more than VND 500 billion in implementing programs, policies and projects for ethnic minority and mountainous areas in Vinh Thanh district.
You'll be able to go anyway.
achieved 
And so,
The heads of the concerned units shall have to implement this Decision as from the date of its signing.
To issue decisions on and grant certificates of recognition of traditional professions, craft villages and traditional craft villages.
For the training institutions in the premises that have land fund in accordance with the planning, the People's Committees of provinces shall :
That way, relatives believe and really consider vocational training as a way to escape poverty.
Annually, the district health center shall set aside an amount corresponding to 5 hospital beds for each commune in order to increase human resources, support equipment, medicines, essential supplies and means of transportation for patients in cases beyond the handling capacity of the station.
Promptly honor and reward martial artists who have made contributions to the conservation and development of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts according to the State's regulations.
Through surveying and evaluating the current situation, Vinh Thuan commune has achieved 10/19 criteria of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside.
bow bow
Over the years, this campaign has become a widespread movement in all residential areas in the district.
inviting,
in the.
Currently, many movements, schemes, programs and campaigns deployed at the grassroots are being effectively integrated; annually, the Front at all levels has coordinated to mobilize over 97% of families to register cultured families, through the year-end review and classification, 96% of households are recognized cultured families; 100% of residential areas register to build cultural residential areas, 86.44% of residential areas are recognized villages, hamlets, cultural streets; 81.63% of villages achieved the title of health village; 59.4% of units and schools achieved the title of cultural units and schools.
In 2019, the rate of poor households in the district decreased to 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to 2018.
The house - operating unit shall arrange the list of students in order of priority in order to sign house lease contracts with proper subjects and satisfy the prescribed conditions.
oral sex
Requires specialized bags capable of water permeability and gas exchange.
With the aim of representing children to periodically express opinions, aspirations, exchange and dialogue with representatives of the People's Councils at all levels on issues related to children in the locality.
Ms. Ho Thi Kim Thu - Vice Chairwoman of the Provincial Committee of Vietnam Fatherland Front;
Mainly in the summer-autumn crop, sown on arable land or rice land after the harvest of winter-spring rice.
resting 
The effectiveness of the inspection and supervision of activities of enterprises on environmental protection is not high, not timely handling of violations of law in the management and environmental protection.
Grilled
To perform the tasks of PBGDPL work, to perform the tasks of PBGDPL work, reconciliation work at the grassroots level and build communes up to the standards of access to law.
Arrow arrows
The support for construction of houses for people caused by natural disasters or fires shows the timely attention and direction of local administrations, aiming to create conditions for families to have places to live to ensure and stabilize their lives.
Education and orientation for youth through advanced examples, good people, good deeds and typical individuals are strengthened.
To formulate a scheme on industrial restructuring of Binh Dinh province through 2030 to adjust the distribution of industrial space to meet the requirements of industrial restructuring and development of economic sectors in each region and locality, especially in coastal districts and cities.
At this time the fruit has the lowest astringency, the flesh is soft, juicy, sweet and has the characteristic aroma of the fruit. 
Thematic contents include 2 parts: Ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style on strengthening the national great unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system;
In addition to integrating the content of the campaign into the activities of the chapter,
Pursuant to the Circular No. 02/2017/TT-VPCP dated October 31,2017 of the Minister-Chairman of the Government Office on guidelines for controlling administrative procedures;
On the morning of July 20th, at the health station of Vinh Hoa commune, the Young Physician Club in cooperation with the Medical Center of Vinh Thanh district organized a visit, gifts and health care for people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Hoa commune.
Building demonstration models: VND 8,646,400,000
Specifically, two veterans' associations of Thanh Quang village, Ha Ri village have been exemplary in implementing and mobilizing people to help 80 working days, building houses for poor veterans' members.
For the remaining rural concrete roads completely damaged, cement use norm of 220 tons/1km. 
To create changes in the fields of education, science, technology, environment, health, culture, economy, literature and arts
Chairman of the provincial compensation and resettlement council
Support capital from government bonds (for construction and installation): VND 291,600 million.
Have a bed net.
Recently, Vinh Thanh High School and Vinh Thanh Middle & High School have focused on the prevention of Covid-19 pandemic.
In the implementation of learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district always directs the agencies, units, communes and townships to closely follow the tasks of the units and localities to build appropriate action programs.
National health programs are focused, health care for the people is well implemented
Step 6: The People's Committee of Binh Dinh province shall issue a decision on establishment of the Binh Dinh Children's Council in the 2017 - 2020 period.
To mobilize and encourage mass media agencies to :
concave
The provincial budget shall allocate funds for activities of the council for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages according to current regulations.
As a result, 100% of grassroots trade unions in the district organized thematic study, attracting over 94% of officials and members to participate.
The house was completed before the plan, helping the family to welcome the Tet holiday in a warm and joyful way.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 02/2017/TT-VPCP dated October 31,2017 of the Minister-Chairman of the Government Office on guidelines for controlling administrative procedures;
Pressurized
During the French and American Resistance, most Bana youths participated in the revolution.
Members of clubs promoting children's right to participation: 02 children. 
from there,
State compensation; child adoption; civil status; secured transactions; law on sea and islands;
Improving the capacity of food quality and safety management of agricultural, forestry and fishery products and sampling for local staff.
Let's do it together.
The district health center shall ensure adequate medicines, supplies, equipment, chemicals and human resources to promptly respond to the prevention and control of acute respiratory infections caused by the novel coronavirus in the district and maintain regular operations of the rapid response team and ambulance emergency team.
CNH's
He went into the house and found his mother lying on her bed.
GFs
There was a buffalo in the house. In the morning he would set the buffalo down on the ground near the lake, and he would gather firewood. In the afternoon, when the buffalo was full, he would lay two big bundles of firewood on the buffalo's back and go home.
Then I bought more goats, cows, chickens.
Vinh Thanh district will strive to reduce the rate of poor households in the district to below 38% by the end of 2019.
In 2019, Vinh Thanh district coordinated to organize many sessions to propagate, consult, recruit laborers to work in the country and export laborers abroad to attract more people to learn.
invalid
Part II. Production and development of crops, livestock and products with advantages for development of ethnic minority areas during 2011 - 2016
jealousy
How many buffalo do you have?
amputation (hand) 
- To direct the elaboration of the Council's annual plans of activities.
VND 1, 260 billion of non-business capital; VND 86, 600 billion of capital of organizations and individuals.
This is the second time the survey has been conducted nationwide, to reflect the socio-economic situation of 53 ethnic minorities in order to compile statistical indicators of the national statistical indicator system and the statistical indicator system on ethnic work.
In the development of the movement, there are currently about two thousand practitioners who are practicing regularly.
Strengthening the propagation and mobilization of union members, members and the people to actively participate in the handling of dike incidents
of course,
Levels
Vinh Thanh District Health Center has just implemented the additional vaccination plan for tetanus-diphtheria vaccine dose reduction in 2019 in the district. 
Through the implementation of the national target program on NTM construction, up to now, the communes' completed criteria have been recognized such as: Criterion 1 on planning, criterion 3 on irrigation, criterion 4 on electricity, criterion 8 on post, criterion 15 on health, criterion 19 on social security and order.
Article 2.-To assign the director of the provincial/municipal Culture, Sports and Tourism Service (the standing member of the Steering Committee for the movement "All people unite to build a cultured life ") to :
fake,
Besides, the Association also mobilizes its members to participate in training courses on transfer of scientific and technological advances in cultivation and husbandry; measures to prevent and combat epidemics for livestock herds... organized by branches and levels.
The population-family planning service packages are used by many couples, from 2015 to now, the rate of couples of childbearing age using modern contraceptive methods reached over 85%; in which the number of people using contraceptive methods such as using condoms reached 107%, dissolution reached 83.3%; oral contraceptive pills reached 96.6%; the rate of third childbirth decreased 3.19%.
resistance,
sober,
Do not organize extra classes, day-boarding, flag raising, extracurricular activities, or meetings of the teachers' council.
In general, most of the sisters use the loans for the right purpose and bring high economic efficiency, helping many member households improve their living standards.
We're not hungry anymore.
the story,
On stilts or on land?
Resolution on promulgation of a number of policies on support for development of craft villages and rural trades in Binh Dinh province during 2019 - 2025
Chairman of the Council:
On the morning of February 12, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune held the opening ceremony of the 4th Congress of the 2020-2025 tenure.
Myself,
The handling of violations in cases of deforestation for ploughing is still inadequate, subjects have no money to pay fines, the forcible destruction of crops, forcible reforestation for a number of cases have not been carried out yet.
At this stage, the plant needs to be fertilized several times (3-4 times a year) with a small dose at the time the plant has completed the previous leaf wave and prepared for the next leaf wave.
To be allocated under decisions on assignment of 2019 provincial budget estimates for implementation.
help each other,
old tree,
the hut,
Do you have any business going to Mr. Nhon's house?
Members of the Steering Committee: 
tear off
Determining that population and family planning work is one of the solutions to improve the quality of life of people
Mileage planting: After 10 – 12 days of planting, the cuttings have sprouted. About 18 – 20 days if the soil is still moist, miles the cuttings do not sprout or weak sprout.
The People's Council
The social and cultural fields have seen many positive changes.
the (projected) 
Children are the happiness of the family, the future of the country.
I can't...
screaming,
Social and economics
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Pursuant to the June 29, 2001 Law on Cultural Heritage and the June 18, 2009 Law Amending and Supplementing a Number of Articles of the Law on Cultural Heritage;
Price subsidy levels and beneficiaries: The provincial budget shall provide 100% of the price of hybrid rice varieties for ethnic minority households in localities in the province.
Family Sex
sucking,
skinny,
The head of the Consultation Board shall make a sum-up speech.
To continue effectively implementing the Scheme on restructuring the agriculture sector in association with building a new countryside, shifting crops and rational crops
Thousand
plants,
from where,
In furtherance of the emulation movement for economic development, mutual assistance in hunger eradication and poverty alleviation and legitimate enrichment, over the past years, Party committees, administrations, associations, mass organizations and villages in Vinh Thuan commune have stepped up the propagation and mobilization of cadres, union members, members and farmers to actively restructure crops, livestock and crops.
When the potting bag has cooled down completely, transplant the seeds by using a wooden stick to make a hole 12 - 15 cm deep in the middle of the bag, take the seedling stick from the seedling bag to fill the hole, cover the cotton cap.
throat throat
encroached
Mr. Truong Van Khai, Head of Department of Planning and Finance, Department of Education and Training
Over the years, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has always paid special attention to the construction and adjustment of the Party
Raising the effectiveness of deposit mobilization of organizations and individuals at commune transaction points
Criteria for identification of microenterprises, small enterprises and medium enterprises: 
The organization of thorough study and study of the Congress's Resolution; patriotic emulation movements, revolutionary programs of action for implementation of the Congress's Resolution; international positive public opinion on the Congress's results, etc.
ugly 
In 2020, Vinh Thanh district is allocated to implement 5 models including: Model of high-tech application of intensive production of litter trees in the direction of VietGAP with the use of semi-automatic irrigation system, scale 2 ha in Vinh Quang commune; Model of integrated pest management on passion fruit trees, scale 1 ha in Vinh Son commune; Model of organizing the production of vegetables VietGAP with the formula: cucumber, bitter melon, scale 0.5 ha in Dinh Truong village (Vinh Quang commune) and Dinh Binh village (TT Vinh Thanh).
Attending the conference were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee.
that day,
In 2019, Vinh Hiep Commune People's Committee has directed specialized sectors to coordinate with commune associations to propagate the Forestry Law.
mom and dad
With the money, rice collected through the implementation of the above models, over the past year, the grassroots chapters have helped many members of women in difficulties to borrow to invest in production and bring efficiency, contributing to stabilizing life.
Through the review meeting, there are 337 young people eligible for medical examination to perform military service in 2020.
Training new inseminators of cow artificial insemination for localities: Total 40 persons (Two classes, 20 persons each, training time: 30 days/class).
flukes 
Performing well the tasks of grasping the area, holding the household, holding people and solving the situation of security and order in the grassroots.
However, now it is different. In the village no one is cutting down, hunting indiscriminately anymore. The village elder said: the forest of gold and silver sea. The forest gives us wood to make houses, firewood to cook. If we know how to exploit, we can get rich from the forest. Therefore, we must work together to protect the forest. Do not destroy the forest, do not hunt in the forest, do not set fire to the forest and prevent the bad guys from destroying the forest.
Accordingly, until now, the commune's unions such as Women's Union, Farmers' Union have helped 198 households with loans of over VND13 billion, investing in production development.
Policy credit capital has contributed significantly to the implementation of programs such as the national target program on building a new countryside, pupils and students and sustainable poverty reduction.
It is known that the subjects of rice support are families with unproductive rice land due to drought in the summer and autumn of 2019, with the support level of 15 kg of rice / household member / month..
Now, they're still working.
Botanical characteristics of Tu Hong and Cu Phong grapes: The plant grows fast, the time from planting to raising is about 90 - 100 days, the length of raising is 70 - 80 cm.
Besides her professional work, Ha treats many students as a special friend.
Protected marine environment
Training programs and textbooks are modified and supplemented flexibly to meet the changes of the labor market
The results achieved in the " exemplary CB" movement over the past time have contributed significantly to the Party Committee and local authorities in socio-economic development, maintaining political security and social order and safety.
Recently, thanks to step by step access to care techniques, new technology cages, low production costs, stable income, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir has strongly developed.
Thanks to these positive measures, in 2019 in the commune, there were no cases of children born as the third child or older, while in 2018 there were 3 cases.
before that,
- Issuing invitation letters to domestic delegations.
thorns
Pencils
Here, farmers participating in the model are supported with 15 thousand breeding fish and food.
According to the report of the People's Committee of Vinh Quang Commune, this summer, Vinh Quang Commune plans to put into production 118 hectares of rice. The sowing season starts from April 10 to 20.4 
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with People's Committees of districts, towns and cities in, accelerating the grant of certificates of land use rights and ownership of houses and other assets, creating favorable conditions for borrowers.
To date, the value of the local GDP has increased by 14.5% annually on average; the economic structure has shifted in a positive direction: the proportion of agriculture - forestry - fisheries accounts for 59.9%.
To coordinate with units and localities in getting ready for dike protection and flood and storm prevention and fight.
Summer pruning: carried out from April to the end of June: Cut off overgrown or weak summer branches, diseased branches, prune small, deformed fruits. 
To actively promote its functions, tasks and role as a representative of the people's legitimate rights and interests; to step up the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city"; to direct the organization of activities to celebrate the 89th anniversary of the Vietnam Fatherland Front's traditional day and the day of great national unity.
Article 8. Implementation provisions
Accordingly, the scope of support includes rural roads belonging to district roads, commune roads, inter-village roads, hamlet roads and intra-field main roads that have been operated for at least 8 years and damaged or degraded.
whipped 
Shaping: Cashew trees if to grow naturally will arise a lot of branches close to the ground forming shrubs and branches of nearby trees will cross over each other to make crop yields are reduced. Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to shaping right from the first 2 years after planting.
Strictly maintain the combat readiness duty, timely handle the situations that occur.
Marriage
whistling,
On the implementation of the Politburo's Resolution No. 08/TW on strengthening the Party's leadership
That day, the villagers sang and drank wine all night to celebrate the boy's happiness.
After the bullet exploded, he heard people screaming, Dinh Dinh As ran to see Dinh Tro, 46 years old, in the same village, lying on the ground in the condition that his right shoulder was hit by a bullet bleeding.
To coordinate with People's Committees of coastal districts and cities and provincial Border Guard Commands in providing specific guidance on support policies and procedures for fishermen.
The amount of fertilizer for cashew is usually divided into 2 batches, the first batch of fertilizer at the beginning of the rainy season (May-June), the second batch of fertilizer at the end of the rainy season but about 1 month before the end of the rain (October-September). 
The anti-erosion embankment of the banks of the Kôn river is also used as a road on the embankment to serve the people's life and production, contributing to the improvement of the ecological environment along the Kôn river running through the township.
- To select and appoint one leading member of the Association to join the Advisory Board of the Council of Children.
Through the talks, children's forums, dialogues between students and the school's Board of Directors, leaders of agencies, organizations and unions, students have the opportunity to express their concerns, questions, thoughts and aspirations..
demolition 
by the.
The remaining policies: From 2016 to 2020 (starting from Winter-Spring 2015 - 2016 to Autumn-Winter 2020).
The older he got, the more he loved the forest and always did what the old man said.
Idle time
Commune-level People's Committees; associations and mass organizations entrusted to provide loans for district-and commune-level student credit programs
In the past month, Vinh Thanh Forest Protection Department has continued to promote forest management, forest protection and forest product management activities.
amateur teens
He's down in Vinh Thanh District.
Uh, uh, uh...
Accordingly, the district Party Committee determines the Party Congress from district to grassroots to implement 04 contents: Summarize the implementation of the resolution of the Party Congress, Party Executive Committee for the term 2015 - 2020 and determine the orientation, objectives, tasks and solutions of the Party Committee, Party Executive Committee for the term 2020 - 2025.
Form and process: Children give speeches, discuss and argue according to the model of a session of the People's Council.
In addition, some provinces adjacent to Binh Dinh Province are experiencing epidemics.
Facilities and equipment for agencies engaged in research, production and processing of breeds; construction of infrastructure in concentrated breeding areas; planting and tending of new breeds in the period of basic construction; import of original breeds of perennial livestock, etc.
Hello, Uncle. Did you just come up?
Broomstick disease and how to prevent it
Purpose, requirements
Household farming mainly uses groundwater sources (excavated wells, drilled wells).
make up,
Hey, there.
One of the models of thrift practice, many sisters are responding to thrift at the society with many forms such as: raising pigs at the society, building love rice jars, saving from waste materials
Students who rent housing must pay rent in full and comply with the rules of using student housing.
strange,
To respond to and create conditions for students of upper secondary schools, continuing education centers and vocational education institutions
Article 3. Chief of Office of People's Committee of province, Director of Department of Finance, Director of Department of Transport, Traffic Safety Board of province
Chief Commander of Provincial Border Guard Command
the axe,
However, in order for vocational training to be more effective, the State should adopt policies to invest more in vocational training for people in deep-lying and remote areas.
Yôl's father,
This is really an extensive political activity in the entire Party and people in the commune.
Receive and consolidate registration information, verify the number of domestic and international delegations participating in the festival (monthly report).
In order to direct the implementation of the "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" in Binh Dinh in a practical, effective and focused manner,
Determining the importance of the Party Congress at the grassroots level, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has directed the grassroots Party Committees to focus on guiding and directing the Party Committees and Sub-departments to do well the stages from the preparation of personnel to the contents of documents according to the prescribed steps.
rejection
The Party Congress of Vinh Thuan commune is one of the three grassroots-level congresses of the province and also the district-level congress.
Selection of some furnaces with full criteria for tourism to invest
Soil for planting citrus fruit 2 and 3 cycles need to improve the soil before planting citrus fruit
Funds for implementation of specific programs, schemes and plans
The outstanding results in the process of organizing the Party congresses at all levels; the programs and plans to bring the resolutions of the Party congresses to life; the advantages and disadvantages and experiences in directing and organizing the Party congresses at all levels to successfully organize the XX Party Congress of the province.
Conversation
The list of industries encouraged for development in trade villages is provided in Appendix 1 to the Government's Decree No. 19/2015/ND-CP of February 14,2015, detailing a number of articles of the Law on Environmental Protection.
laid out 
Cooperate with relevant departments in establishing, maintaining and organizing the implementation of the model of Children's Council.
To the Youth Unions, the district-level Team Councils, the Youth and Children Activity Centers and their attached units.
To direct Binh Dinh Electricity Company in ensuring the supply of electricity for the fight against drought.
Going to the market
On basic cashew trees, the disease develops and causes severe harm from August to December, on commercial cashew trees, the disease usually focuses on harm in two periods: November-12 (young fruits) and March - May (flowering).
CHAPTER I
Once, I went to work for a landlord in the deep woods.
Thanks to knowing how to take care of buffaloes, Uncle Nam's pigs grow fast.
cradle
teaches,
(horse) stone 
sucking,
On the road along Dinh Binh lake, some sections were eroded roof, many trees fell, causing traffic jams.
Pursuant to Article 50 of the Law on Public Investment dated June 18, 2014 on formulation of annual and medium - term plans for investment in terms of implementation of 5 - year socio - economic development plans;
The locality has deployed the construction of 27 essential works for production and people's life with a total construction cost of over VND 12.9 billion.
To direct the publicization on the mass media and the provincial/municipal Services' websites of the lists of establishments which satisfy or fail to satisfy the conditions on assurance of quality of agricultural supplies, rural daily-life water and food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products under their respective management;
Crispy carp farming model has a different characteristic from normal carp farming, which is that the feed 
Use a sharp knife to make 6 - 8 1.5 - 2 cm long incisions around the sides of the bags, hanging the bags into wires, in rows in the mushroom house, the bags must be separated from 25 - 30 cm. 
the ridge,
On the basis of the approved number of households and household registrations, district People's Committees shall request branches and localities to implement regimes for poor households and households living just above the poverty line under regulations.
In 2020, Vinh Thanh district is allocated to implement 5 models including: Model of high-tech application of intensive production of litter trees in the direction of VietGAP with the use of semi-automatic irrigation system, scale 2 ha in Vinh Quang commune; Model of integrated pest management on passion fruit trees, scale 1 ha in Vinh Son commune; Model of organizing the production of vegetables VietGAP with the formula: cucumber, bitter melon, scale 0.5 ha in Dinh Truong village (Vinh Quang commune) and Dinh Binh village (TT Vinh Thanh).
Groundnut: 200 kg/ha;
Priority shall be given to appropriate land funds for planning the construction of roads and submitting them to competent authorities for consideration and approval.
Based on the budget estimates assigned by the Prime Minister and the local budgets, the provincial/municipal Finance Services shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services in, estimating expenditures for policy implementation under Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg.
The contribution of opinions of agencies, organizations, cadres, Party members and people in the districts to the draft documents of the Party congresses of all levels, especially the XVIIIth Party congress of the district, the XXth Party congress of the province and the XIIIth Party congress.
It is known that over the past time, Vinh Thanh district has directed branches, associations, communes and townships in the district to actively promote the propagation, counseling and mobilization of people to participate in labor export to increase income, eliminate hunger and reduce poverty.
I have malaria.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 4345/QD-UBND dated December 11,2018 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province on adjustments to the medium-term plan 2016-2020 and the public investment plan funded by the province's budget in 2019;
a road,
Skills: Good teamwork skills, presentation skills and active participation in social activities.
Reeds
waterfall 
Reflect on the festival activities, develop a live broadcasting plan for the Opening Ceremony and Closing Ceremony of the festival.
locked,
In order to proactively prevent and respond to natural disasters in 2020 and reduce damage caused by natural disasters, contributing to successfully fulfilling the province's socio-economic development tasks, the chairperson of the provincial People's Committee shall request heads of departments and branches and chairpersons of district-level People's Committees to perform the following tasks:
Plans,
Dike...
Van Canh, Vinh Thanh, An Lao, Hoai An, Tuy Phuoc, Tay Son, An Nhon town and Quy Nhon city.
Issued in Official Dispatch No. 292/BXD-KTXD dated March 03, 2009; estimated price index: 1.2 Project management, consultancy and other expenses refer to Official Dispatch No. 1751/BXD-VP dated August 14, 2007 of the Ministry of Construction.
pineapple
The people of Village 6, Vinh Thuan Commune all signed a commitment to unite to protect the beautiful green environment in the locality.
People are happy to successfully grow safe vegetables, certified by the Quality Center of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Region 2, Da Nang VietGAP standards and BigC supermarket stable consumption.
Kon Đruch village is in the high mountains.
not only.. but also.. 
Or on the website of the provincial People's Committee and the Department of Home Affairs and do not receive the registration form for recruitment in a subsequent recruitment. 
With the positive contributions of farmers' members in the commune, Vinh Thuan commune has so far achieved 10/19 criteria of the national target program on building a new countryside.
Regarding aquaculture, focus on the following tasks :
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts and cities, heads of relevant agencies and units and members named,
Our house is in Kon Đruch village. Where is the Dao house?
squirrel
With the money, rice collected from the above models, the association has helped 3 members to stabilize their lives.
The Party Committee of Vinh Hao commune also directs branches and mass organizations to step up consultancy and vocational training activities for rural laborers, coordinate in organizing training courses and transferring scientific and technological advances to people, especially poor households, for application in cultivation and husbandry, aiming to bring about economic efficiency.
So, let's see.
From the academic year 2015 - 2016, Binh Dinh traditional martial arts teaching is organized in extracurricular time.
Strengths in emulation in Vinh Thanh district are the development of forest gardens, hill gardens and cattle breeding.
for sale
Article 1. To assign provincial traffic safety boards to provide crash helmets
A number of adjustments and supplements to the organization of implementation
Thanks to that attention, the life of Vinh Thanh people, especially in ethnic minority areas has been renewed.
Verification report No. 46/BCTT-KTNS dated November 27,2018 of the Department of Economy and Budget of the People's Council of the province; opinions of delegates of the People's Council at the meeting.
Organizations managing the exploitation and operation of students' dormitories:
Support funds shall be additionally allocated to commune-level People's Committees of localities where traditional occupations, trade villages or traditional trade villages are located.
dark,
In addition, through cultivation and husbandry models, direct technical training for local officials, improving the technical level for local officials and people on agricultural production, mastering the technological process of advanced breeding and cultivation techniques.
After 7 months of deployment, so far the model shows positive results.
Enterprises having projects on production of plant varieties and animal breeds are entitled to land incentives specified in the Government's Decree No. 57/2018/ND-CP dated April 17,2018.
This is also the solution to create a herd of cows for the breeding of high-quality beef cattle.
Photo exhibition on the activities of martial arts schools in the country and around the world:
watches,
After a year of starvation and death in the village, Sisters Min and Yă Krua also went into the forest to dig wood. When it was dark, Min was lost alone in the forest. She went on and on, calling out to her, but no one answered. She sat down at the base of the tree and cried. Suddenly, Min heard a warm voice:
Emulation Movement "Nice Stadium" 
In addition, the Farmers' Union of the commune has coordinated to open training courses on transfer of science and technology for members on breeding techniques, cultivation, afforestation... 
Departments of Justice, Divisions of Justice of districts, towns and cities 
People's lives are constantly improving
To build communes up to law access standards in 2020 and send them to provincial-level People's Committees (through provincial-level Justice Departments) before February 25,2020;
Decision on approving the Project on development of high-quality beef cow raising in Binh Dinh province's households during 2015-2020
Twenty grand, sir.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 01/2014/TT-BGDDT dated January 24,2014 of the Ministry of Education and Training;
The associations in the communes have launched the movement of good production and business emulation; strive to learn and mobilize members to change the way of thinking and doing, boldly apply scientific and technical advances to production, so the economic life of many members is raised.
- Non-business capital sources for science and technology: VND 200 billion.
Send invitation letter, verify the list of domestic and foreign martial arts delegations to attend the festival.
fold fold
Mr. Tran Xuan Tinh, Senior Education Officer, Department of Education and Training
empty houses
Specialized and professional organizations under the Management Board shall be set up on the basis of their assigned functions and tasks and operation requirements in each period.
one hundred,
The People's Committee of Binh Dinh province will organize the annual cultural and sport festival of Binh Dinh province on the occasion of the Vietnam National Day of Ethnic Culture.
Digging the hole in the shape of a box with a size of 50x50x50cm or 60x60x60cm. When digging the hole, pay attention to the loose topsoil, many humus to one side of the hole, the deep soil to separate in the other hole. 
toys,
Choose plants that must be at least 6 months old, healthy, free from pests, eye picking, not dry, not scratched to make cuttings. 
It's over there.
At breeding facilities and craft villages in the district, untreated wastewater still discharges into the environment, causing pollution not only in residential areas but also affecting the surrounding areas.
Members: Mr. Nguyen Huynh Huyen, Deputy Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Propaganda Department
Thereby equipping rural laborers with professional knowledge to contribute to creating jobs, stable incomes, maintaining their lives, increasing labor productivity, changing occupations, strictly complying with the Party's and the State's undertakings and policies.
The People's Agitation Board of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a conference to summarize the work of People's Agitation in 2019 and implement the tasks in 2020
Leaders of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee visited and presented gifts to typical policy families in the district
At the same time, to direct commune forestry officers, police officers and forest rangers in charge of localities to intensify inspection and search of localities in order to detect and prevent violations of the Forestry Law.
In the market they sold a lot of things. Here they sold rice, corn, potatoes, cassava; there they sold fruits such as oranges, pineapples, jackfruit.
Responsibilities and duties of public employees according to requirements of working positions. Examination time: 60 minutes.
Vinh Son commune infirmary is a small row of houses in the center of the commune. 
Through the campaign, villages and hamlets have built a cultured and civilized lifestyle in weddings and funerals, promoting cultural values in each residential area, contributing to repelling backward customs and superstition.
Torchlights in neighboring villages are flashy. 
The district People's Committees shall direct the full implementation of regimes and policies towards ethnic minority children such as: allocation of notebooks, rice support, food and daily-life allowances and other personal needs in order to create conditions for them to study well.
People are happy to successfully grow safe vegetables, certified by the Quality Center of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Region 2, Da Nang VietGAP standards and BigC supermarket stable consumption.
(Enclosed with the Decision No. 2147/QD-UBND dated June 25,2019 of the President of the People's Committee of the province)
In the past November, two poisoning cases have occurred in the district due to the mistaken ingestion of poisonous mushrooms by ethnic minority people in Dak Tra Village in Vinh Kim Commune and Kon-Kring Quarter in Vinh Thanh Town.
Infrastructure works in service of people's production and life shall be invested and constructed, creating conditions for people to develop their economy and society.
With simplicity in mind, Uncle is not far away, but from the small things in everyday life,
sssss
Or permit the establishment according to regulations in Binh Dinh province (below referred to as subjects).
Organize competitions in both competitions and fights between domestic and international dojos.
It is known that the house is built according to the traditional stilt house style of Bana people, the wall is built of wooden boards, tiled roof with an area of about 24m2 or more, each house is built with funding support of 40 million VND from the Relief Fund of the district.
Issued together with the Decision No. 24/2011/QD- UBND dated August 29,2011 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province.
Traps
In furtherance of the Political Bureau's Resolution No. 39, the district has made a list of 61 tons of iodized salt to be allocated to 10,174 beneficiaries,
The patients were detected, treated promptly and were discharged home.
parrots
Poor households have been invested and supported with capital and supplies for agricultural production, the life of poor households, especially ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district has been markedly improved.
What's the floor made of?
Currently, the weather is in the transitional period, which is a favorable condition for epidemics to break out
To use local funds to provide additional supports in fertilizers, technical training and training for models supervisors in order to raise productivity and efficiency in the use of hybrid rice varieties.
When it was dark, Min Di was lost alone in the forest.
The main rice varieties produced in this Winter-Spring crop are Bio 404, MHC2, rice varieties added DV 108, Khang Dan mutant.
robbery
Uncle Nam's house has become a large ranch.
Every year, Ta Diek Village Advocacy Board always coordinates with the branches and associations to propagate, educate and persuade officials and people to well comply with the guidelines and resolutions of the Party, policies and laws of the State, actively participate in the movements in the locality.
Fecal content for 1ha 
On the adjustment and supplementation of the medium - term plan 2016 - 2020 and the public investment plan of provincial budget capital in 2019;
Up to now, the entire district has built dozens of typical models of "Nice Stadium" in the fields of economy, culture - society, security and national defense.
Prevent speculation, arbitrary price increase and handle violations as prescribed by law;
The Management Board
Build a new gym
To direct grassroots police forces to intensify 24/24 patrol in localities, roads and business establishments such as restaurants, eateries, karaoke parlors, gaming establishments, etc., to detect and strictly handle organizations and individuals that fail to comply with the Government's regulations on social isolation.
arid land
District People's Committee has just approved the project to replicate the model of "Sludge-free eel rearing" under the national target of sustainable poverty reduction in 2019 in Thinh Commune.
Plan for implementation of Directive No. 1391/CT-BNN-PCTT dated February 25,2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on enhancement of dike management and preparation for dike protection and flood control in 2020 in the province
Election of delegates to the superior congress of the Communist Party
How much money?
To concentrate all resources on speeding up the construction of dike-related works before August 31, 2020 and work out plans to ensure safety for these works in case of floods and storms.
Vegetables
Pursuant to the Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents of the People's Council and People's Committee dated December 03,2004 
Agreed to approve the Scheme on adjustment of public tuition fees from preschool to high school
(home) of (me) 
Bases for formulation of the scheme :
Advising on the program and schedule of activities of the Children's Council and the Advisory Board.
For proposals of communes, the supervising delegations shall record them and give their opinions to functional branches.
Currently, 100% of communes and towns have implemented the avian influenza vaccination
keep (do) 
There must be the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Council when authorized by the Chairman of the Council.
To propagate scientific and technological advances in cultivation and husbandry; and the people's experiences in production and business in escaping poverty and enriching themselves.
the war,
Harvesting: Cut off the entire plant, leaving only the base of the plant about 20 - 30 cm from the ground so that the plant has conditions to continue to regenerate for harvesting the next generation.
The Prime Minister,
like that,
The Department of Science and Technology shall cooperate with the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in conducting scientific and technological researches on beef cattle; transfer and apply research findings to production.
dragonflies,
Therefore, the district health sector, recommends people to be cautious in the use of mushrooms, absolutely not to use strange mushrooms, to avoid poisoning. 
In addition, the national health target programs, such as tuberculosis prevention, HIV/AIDS prevention, leprosy prevention, goiter, dengue fever, malaria.... are staff propaganda, health education and management, monitoring, monitoring, examination, treatment, periodical drug allocation to patients.
We hereby request the Office of the Provincial Party Committee to cooperate with the Office of the Provincial People's Committee, the Department of Culture and Sports and the Department of Tourism in:
into the forest,
Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union of province: Direct affiliated unions to mobilize youth unionists to attend the opening ceremony of the festival;
On the morning of October 31, Chairman of the district People's Committee Mr. Le Van Dau had an inspection of the damage caused by Typhoon No. 5 in Vinh Kim and Vinh Son communes.
spend money,
The objective of the plan is to preserve and promote traditional costumes of ethnic minority groups to meet the requirement that "Cultural heritage is both a driving force and an objective" contributing to the sustainable cultural development of ethnic minority groups in Binh Dinh province in particular and the whole country in general.
By 2045, Binh Dinh province will make major breakthroughs in fast and sustainable marine economic development commensurate with the province's advantages and potentials toward a green marine economy.
The Steering Committee shall work on a part-time basis and dissolve upon the completion of its tasks.
On the morning of December 26, the District Women's Union held a conference to implement the 2020 task orientations.
Step 7: Organize the launching ceremony of the Children's Council, the Council adopts the working regulation and goes into operation.
Plating
To date, the herd of cattle in Vinh Thanh district has 17,362 head, of which cross-bred cattle account for 92% of the total herd.
Over here, in order to create opportunities for all children in the district to participate in the Mid-Autumn Festival 2019 happy, warm, safe, healthy
The year,
(meat) Oh.
On the morning of September 24, Vinh Thanh District People's Committee held a training conference on investigation and review of poor households, near-poor households and households with average living standards in 2019 and the poverty eradication plan for policy households and people with meritorious services in the district for the period 2019-2020.
So did you buy the pills?
withdrawal (hand) 
Barebacking
Encouraging and cheering literary and artistic creation
In the morning of November 19, in Quy Nhon City, Mr. Pham Hong Cuu, Director of Dai Phuc House Construction and Trading Company, Ho Chi Minh City and the Provincial School District Association organized to award 326 scholarships and 15 solar lights to students in Vinh Thanh, Tay Son, Phu Cat, An Nhon, Tuy Phuoc and Quy Nhon City, in which Vinh Thanh district has 52 students received scholarships.
Over the past time, despite the strengthening of measures to prevent and control dengue fever, the epidemic situation is still increasing in the district.
Up to now, there have been 4,489 times of poor households, near-poor households and social policy beneficiaries have borrowed capital from the District Social Policy Bank.
Not only paying attention to education on cultural level, the schools also focus on preserving and promoting traditional cultural values through extracurricular activities, thematic activities, restoring and preserving the beauty of traditional culture of ethnic minority people.
With the efforts of the entire political system from the district to the grassroots and the collective contribution of the community, the lives of policy families who still face housing difficulties in Vinh Thanh district have gradually stabilized.
squirrel
Hero of Labor: 5 points will be added to the result of round 2;
sunshine
Cycling
In order to well implement the Campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized urban areas in communes"
delighted 
From a poor household, until now, Luan and her husband have grown their family's land fund to 2 hectares, earning over VND 100 million a year from noodles, profit and hunger, not to mention nearly 1 hectare of acacia, about 5 years of exploitation once.
Strengthening the launching of the movement "All people protect national security"
Spread thinly on a clean tarpaulin, expose to the sun, regularly stir until the dried herbs reach a humidity of ≤ 12%.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 1290/QD-BNN-TCCB dated April 17,2015 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
To date, the total value of industrial and cottage industry production in Vinh Thanh district is estimated at VND 62.2 billion, reaching 46.1% of the plan, up 28.9% over the same period.
show off,
chicken tongue
Strengths in emulation in Vinh Thanh district are the development of forest gardens, hill gardens and cattle breeding.
Pulmonary
To study, master and develop technologies for selecting and creating parent breeds and breeding techniques for a number of disease-free key aquatic breeds.
At present, the living standards of people in communes and villages with special difficulties in the district are basically stable and have developed step by step.
Article 1. Detailed decay of 2019's lottery capital allocated to the Project's works:
On this occasion, the district delegation and the district Fatherland Front Association visited and gave 6 gifts, each worth VND300,000 to policy families in the commune.
In the period of fruit trees, add some mineral fertilizers such as Be, MgSO4, Ca2H2PO4.
Mr. Quach Hong Duc - Vice Chairman of the Provincial Farmers' Union;
Pursuant to the Conclusion No. 104-KL/TU dated 26/4/2012 of the Standing Committee of the 18th Party Committee at the 19th Conference 
In recent years, the district has given priority to projects in service of production and social welfare such as irrigation, transport, clean water and socio-cultural activities.
touching,
Chairmen of People's Committees of districts, towns, cities, heads of agencies, units and relevant organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision.
According to the report of the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district, over the past time, the attention and direction of the Party Committee, the government from the district to the grassroots, especially under the leadership of the Standing Committee of the District Party Committee,
The organization of thorough study and study of the Congress's Resolution; patriotic emulation movements, revolutionary programs of action for implementation of the Congress's Resolution; international positive public opinion on the Congress's results, etc.
With children in the community, commune health stations together with village health, population collaborators, village chiefs, review by village. Especially note children in remote areas and areas with population fluctuations.
together,
Ginger Smoothie
Build Trailers to broadcast on Led screens in the inner city, on Central and local TV stations
Law enforcement activities
look after 
At the end of the conference, National Assembly deputy Dang Hoai Tan acknowledged and absorbed the opinions of voters, and promised to transfer these petitions to the authorities for settlement as soon as possible within his powers.
Thus, the program has been implemented quite synchronously, rhythmically and closely, thus changing and transforming the awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of the poor, effectively receiving and using the policies and support resources of the State and the community to escape poverty and rise to prosperity.
Place to receive registration forms for public employee recruitment: Department of Home Affairs - No. 180 Tang Bat Ho Street, Quy Nhon City, Binh Dinh Province. 
rat bait 
seeds
In the past 5 years, Vinh Thanh district has invested VND 494 billion to implement programs, policies and projects for ethnic minority and mountainous areas.
Through the activities, farmers members have eliminated superstition, social evils, preserved social security and order in the locality.
Bok Kien recalled: In order to promptly cope with the above situation, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee advocated to persistently mobilize the masses, making it clear to the people that My Diem is the evil enemy of both Kinh and Bana people.
Making a grape truss has many ways such as: T-shaped truss; V. The truss column is made of concrete column, the top of the column has 2 horizontal bars to stretch the wire for climbing grapes. 
Establishing and implementing the 1 - 3 - 5 principles, ensuring the contents of key activities with specific target programs
Any problems arising in the course of implementation should be reported by the Council members to the Council Chairman for consideration and decision.
The People's Committee of Binh Dinh province has issued a plan to implement the project "Conservation and promotion of traditional costumes of Vietnamese ethnic minorities in the current period" in Binh Dinh province.
make friends,
Organize the implementation of Directive No. 28 dated 21/01/2019 of the Politburo on "Improving the quality of admission of party members and reviewing and screening for removal of ineligible party members from the Party".
Having contributed to improving the quality of human resources and the ability to develop production in ethnic minority people
At the M2 Village Women's Association, Vinh Thinh Commune chose to deploy the thrift practice model, many women responded such as: raising pigs at home thrift, building love rice jars, thrift practice follow Uncle help each other reduce poverty sustainably.
orientation
Troubled
smell,
Attending and directing the conference were Mr. Colonel Huynh Van An - Deputy Director of the Provincial Police, in the district there was Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee, Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the District People's Committee.
You choose!
To prepare forces, means, supplies and logistics under the motto "4 on the spot" for timely response to natural disasters. To mobilize people in areas prone to isolation to reserve food, preventive medicines and essentials for 7 days.
Yeah, the jungle's full of birds.
hated,
Summarize and report the results of implementation of the Action Month 2017 in the province to the provincial People's Committee and the Ministry of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs 
On the occasion of preparing for the Lunar New Year 2020, on December 24, Mr. Nguyen Thanh Tung - Member of the Party Central Committee, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Council paid a visit to Vinh Hoa commune, Vinh Thanh district.
Do not drink plain water.
Team Leader (Code: V.07.03.09, V.07.04.12): 
Recently, the district Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Division in cooperation with the Vietnamese Fatherland Front in Vinh Thanh District organized the acceptance and handover of two houses to the family of Mr. Dinh Van Riu in O3 Village and Mr. Dinh Hien in K6 Village, Vinh Kim Commune.
To determine specific contents and tasks and an appropriate roadmap for provincial-level departments, sectors and localities to concentrate on directing and organizing the implementation.
Pursuant to the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province's Decision No. 3593/QD-UBND dated October 29,2014 promulgating the Plan for implementation of the Strategy and the Government's Action Program on implementation of the Strategy by 2020 in Binh Dinh province;
Is there any medicine?
leg numbness,
To determine the active ingredients of plant protection drugs commonly used on vegetables of farmers in Binh Dinh province.
Directive on the implementation of the program to introduce Binh Dinh traditional martial arts into schools in the 2015 - 2016 school year and the 2016 - 2020 period in the province
Moving 
Over the years, Vinh Thanh district has always taken care of the material and spiritual life of people with meritorious services, especially the strict implementation of Decision No. 22 of the Prime Minister.
Participating in the first festival of gong culture of ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province - 2019, there will be 9 groups of artisans and actors from mountainous and midland districts in the province.
The heroic Vietnamese mothers; the wounded and sick soldiers also expressed their excitement at the attention of the Party, the State and local authorities, affirming that they will maintain the revolutionary traditions of their families and native land, actively mobilizing their children and grandchildren to study, work and strive to rise in life, to be worthy of the revolutionary traditions of their native land.
This is a beef cow hybridization solution to improve the productivity and quality of beef cows, improve efficiency in beef cow breeding in Binh Dinh.
Domestic and foreign organizations and individuals directly investing in the development of rural production, business and services (below collectively referred to as rural production, business and service establishments) include:
On October 19, the Women's Committee, the Trade Union of the Office of the Provincial People's Committee organized a visit, exchange and presents for the unit that ended the Labor Union of Vinh Hoa commune, Vinh Thanh district.
At home, you must feed the pigs and chickens. Do not go out!
At the same time coordinate with the schools: 
Strengthening and improving the quality of human resources for state management
Frequently,
Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station; Binh Dinh Newspaper
On the afternoon of July 26, leaders of the district Party Committee, the People's Council, the People's Committee, the People's Committee of the district and representatives of departments, branches, localities and people of communes and townships in the district came to offer incense and lay wreaths to the graves of heroes and martyrs at the Martyrs Cemetery of Vinh Quang and Vinh Hao communes on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the War Invalids and Martyrs Day.
Investors of projects on dormitories for students shall be determined under the Construction Ministry's Circular No. 10/2009/TT-BXD of June 15,2009, specifically as follows:
- In industrial parks, low-income earners in urban areas;
Crop: Cultivated in September to avoid cold weather when spraying flags bearded so winter corn crops planted as soon as possible.
With the method of communication of teachers just presentation combined with practice and discussion has created a vibrant atmosphere and easy to absorb in learning to bring more knowledge to vegetable growers.
for a new home.
The efficiency of raising a high-quality beef cow is 68.5% higher than raising a Zebu hybrid cow.
The focal point in maintaining regular activities of the Advisory Board is the Secretary of the Provincial Delegation, having the responsibility to coordinate the activities of the Advisory Board.
eating and drinking
Applying
To restore productive and quality plant varieties (according to the ordering mechanism) suitable to the province's production conditions for production.
Circular No. 03/2019/TT-BNV dated May 14,2019 of the Ministry of Home Affairs
hide
Yes, but only learning how to plow, because the Barnabas used to work tillage.
examination for Yôl 
In the course of implementing the plan on development of student dormitories in the province.
To balance and allocate local budgets for extracurricular teaching of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts in the locality according to the current state budget management decentralization.
"Thrift pig farming", "Sympathy pig farming", "Love rice jars", "Lighting up rural roads", "Security and order"... the model of "Cultural villages free from suicide, domestic violence and law violations" in Kong Tru village, Vinh Kim commune; the model of "self-management of environmental sanitation" in Dinh Tam village, Vinh Hao commune; the model of "environmental protection and response to climate change" in Dinh Quang village, Vinh Quang commune.
The presidents of the provincial People's Committees shall request the heads of the concerned services and branches and the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and provincial towns to well organize the implementation of the following major contents:
down,
Organizing propagation, introduction, promotion and other activities to promote the values of historical and cultural relics.
- Livestock land;
The contribution of opinions of agencies, organizations, cadres, Party members and people in the districts to the draft documents of the Party congresses of all levels, especially the XVIIIth Party congress of the district, the XXth Party congress of the province and the XIIIth Party congress.
The establishment of this professional association has made the activities of its members more convenient and practical because they share the same profession, have a common interest in breeding resources, rearing techniques, rearing process and output market.
Send plans and scenarios to event organizers to invite bids and participate in bidding.
The epidemic vaccination for livestock for many years has been well implemented by the commune, the people are aware of the harmful effects of the epidemic on the livestock, so the vaccination rate always reaches over 95%.
Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee Mr. Bui Tan Thanh chaired the conference 
There are specific objectives and solutions aimed at providing timely, accurate, easy-to-read and easy-to-listen information and implementing basic contents for ethnic minority people in mountainous areas to step by step raise their awareness, strictly abide by law, trust in the Party's leadership and the State's management and administration, and help people feel secure in labor and production and socio-economic development in their localities.
On this occasion, the district Red Cross also gave each person 1 barrel of shrimp noodles and 1 can of milk with a total value of nearly VND8 million.
After approving the tentative agenda and contents of the meeting, Mr. Le Cong Nhuong answered petitions related to voters of Vinh Thanh district such as: Requesting the People's Committee to recover land of forestry companies and protection forest management boards to balance allocation to people lacking agricultural land.
Households participating in the model are supported by the State 70% of the money for seeds, supplies, fertilizers and plant protection drugs (particularly for the model of passion fruit in Vinh Son, ethnic minority households are supported 100% of the money for seeds, supplies, fertilizers and plant protection drugs).
The purpose of implementing this model is to gather prestigious people in the village who are devoted to protecting security and order in order to participate in reconciliation and settlement of conflicts and problems within farmers in a timely, lawful and effective manner, firmly maintaining political security and social order, contributing to building a new countryside in the current period.
He felt happy, too.
The associations in the communes have launched the movement of good production and business emulation; strive to learn and mobilize members to change the way of thinking and doing, boldly apply scientific and technical advances to production, so the economic life of many members is raised.
At the supervision session, leaders of commune People's Committees reported on the results of contracted forest protection in the commune.
At the same time, reviewing and supplementing the master plan on reserve cadres for the 2020-2025 period, reviewing, screening and anticipating the contingent of commune and village part-time workers under Decision No. 41 of the provincial People's Committee, elaborating plans on congresses of Party Committees' branches for the 2020-2022 term and deciding on the establishment of sub-committees of the fourth congress of the Party Committee of the township for the 2020-2025 term.
The caterpillars, who had come from nowhere, howled and howled in the backyard.
For production, business and service establishments that need to be reminded and sign environmental protection commitments
relaxed,
hash
It is worth noting that the local administrations at all levels have not yet fulfilled their responsibilities of State management over forests and forest land.
If... then....
hole,
Article 3. The Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council, Committees of the Provincial People's Council, Delegation of the Provincial People's Council and delegates of the Provincial People's Council shall inspect and supervise the implementation of this Resolution.
Every year, the Association organizes for women to study 3 contents of the emulation movement "Women actively study, creatively work, build happy families" and mobilizes its members to follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh by specific jobs.
Agriculture and Rural Development
With the sale price of 150,000 VND/kg, minus the entire cost of raising interest of 10.3 million VND/50m3 cage
To introduce to martial arts delegations, visitors and locals.
Each Party member contacts himself to make a commitment to cultivate, train and strive of individuals, and sets out directions to strive to follow, overcome their limitations and shortcomings in the process of work and daily life.
east 
hammer
Choose soil and make soil: The best soil for grapefruit cultivation with a thick layer of 1 m or more, porous texture to keep color and good drainage, rich in humus. Before planting, it is necessary to clear, level the ground; dig holes; fertilize the liner and fill the hole
Mr. Nguyen Van Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs
To contribute to the successful implementation of orientations for restructuring the agriculture sector towards increasing added value and sustainable development.
On the morning of July 28, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a launching ceremony for all people to practice swimming and drowning prevention in 2019
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously and promptly implemented the Government's programs and policies on ethnic minorities.
The purpose of the review is to determine the list of poor households, near-poor households, households escaping poverty; statistics and analysis of information on poor households, near-poor households to serve as a basis for the implementation of poverty reduction and social security support policies in 2019 and orientations, adjustments to poverty reduction policies, programs and schemes for the period 2016 – 2020 in the district.
To share information among agencies in the agriculture and rural development sector and between provincial - and district - level agencies from planning to specialized examination, supervision and inspection via the websites of provincial - level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments and district - level People's Committees.
yours,
The quarantine stations will be put into operation from the 2.4th day and operate 24/24 hours, and operate until a specific instructional document of the provincial People's Committee is issued to stop the performance of the tasks of the quarantine stations.
To continue stepping up and raising the quality of health, education and training, culture and information activities; to well achieve social security objectives and stabilize people's life
insertion,
Based on the appraisal results, provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments shall submit reports to provincial-level People's Committees for consideration and decision on lists of fishermen eligible for supports.
Article 1. To promulgate together with this Decision the List of replacement administrative procedures in the forestry sector under the management of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province.
It is recommended to harvest after fertilizing for at least 3 weeks. Do not harvest after fertilizing because so there will be nitrate residues in medicinal herbs, affecting the quality of medicinal herbs.
the bottom,
To minimize biological pollution, impurities and residues of plant protection drugs, veterinary drugs, chemicals and antibiotics in agricultural, forestry and fishery food production and trading,
In particular, the Resolution of the 4th Party Congress of Vinh Thuan commune, the 2020-2025 tenure sets out the following objectives: The average economic growth rate will increase by 14.9%; to strive to raise the average per-capita income to VND 20 million/person/year; the rate of poor households will annually decrease from 6 to 7%; the rate of trained rural labor will reach over 40%; budget revenues will increase by 8% or more; 20% of Party cells will be clean and strong or stronger each year, without weak ones; the rate of admission to the Party will annually reach 5-6% of the total number of Party members.
jealousy
Pinch
A dossier of application for a certificate of food safety knowledge, the process of certification of food safety knowledge, management of certificates of food safety knowledge 
As a place to keep the traditional values of the villagers, the Rong House is very carefully preserved by everyone. The Rong House is a place where festivals take place, a place to welcome guests, a meeting place of villagers, also a place for young men and women to meet, confess their love and marry. 
Co. Ltd.
In 2019, the commune also coordinated to well organize the Reproductive Health Care Campaign achieved and exceeded a number of assigned targets.
I'm now,
If knitted skillfully, it is fast and beautiful. 
Abdominal
In the past 5 years, Vinh Thuan commune has invested in the construction of 4 village cultural houses, with an expenditure of over VND 5 billion. Equipment and material facilities of commune and village cultural houses have gradually received investment attention, contributing to better meeting the needs of people's activities and meetings.
dazzling 
Programs and projects in support of ethnic minority people have positive impacts, contributing to promoting socio-economic development in the district
Sources of vaccines against avian influenza, FMD in cattle, swine and swine fever are supported by provincial and central budgets.
People's Committees of districts, towns, cities and investors organize the construction of 03 rural clean water plants, total capacity of 9,870 m3/day. night with a total cost of 134.00 billion VND. 
Commenting, evaluating and classifying cadres and Party members must comply with regulations and guidance of superiors.
Children's selection criteria
hut (fruit) 
Project 2: Building a pilot model of enterprises, household businesses and farmers consuming agricultural products and supplying agricultural materials in Binh Dinh province
Training, training: 
At the model launch ceremony, each member was given a plastic handbag to use when shopping, limiting the daily use of plastic bags.
Director of the provincial Public Administration Service Center
Regarding the allocation of capital for irrigation works: (i) mountainous districts with 100% of capital from the provincial budget; (ii) midland districts with 70% from the provincial budget and 30% from the district budget;
Inspection and certification of quality conformity shall be conducted under current regulations before the works are put into use.
From the state budget allocated under annual plans and capital mobilized from the socialization, sponsorships from domestic and foreign organizations and individuals.
With that way, all papers and dossiers sent to are quickly received, classified and appraised by officials and employees of the "one-stop shop" and "interlinked one-stop shop" sections in accordance with regulations for transfer to specialized sections for settlement.
Because that month they burned,
Binh Dinh Hydrometeorological Station shall intensify meteorological and hydrological forecasts and warnings, and give comments on drought, saltwater intrusion, strong winds, storms and floods in order to provide information for provincial-level departments, sectors and localities to direct production and natural disaster prevention and control.
the,
According to Vinh Thinh Commune People's Committee, the implementation of the Summer-Autumn crop production plan in 2020, in which the summer crop is 84 hectares; the autumn crop is 193.5 hectares. For the summer rice crop, farmers in Vinh Thinh Commune have reduced seedlings to 100% compared to the plan.
showy,
bait,
Thereby, the association has mobilized 100% of its members to participate in the model of saving and building rice jars with an annual revenue of nearly VND 4 million and 140 kg of rice.
The launching ceremony also attracted many public servants, youth unionists and people in the district to attend.
Buried
Due to the limited production level of local people, it is not yet known to apply science and technology to production. Initially, only traditional rice varieties with low yield and poor resistance to pests and diseases were planted.
Enhancing the responsibility of the departments, sectors and localities in the reporting, assessment, preliminary and final review of the implementation of the Plan.
District People's Committee has just approved the project to replicate the model of "Sludge-free eel rearing" under the national target of sustainable poverty reduction in 2019 in Vinh Thinh Commune.
Technique of pruning, creating canopy
In 2020, the People's Counseling Committee of Vinh Thanh district shall continue to promote the role and efforts of the entire system, coordinate with relevant sectors to implement well the work of people's mobilization in the locality, especially strengthening the propagation of the guidelines and policies of the Party and the State to the people in remote areas and ethnic minority areas.
In addition to the transfer of economic plans to production, to mobilize farmers to restructure the economy in the direction of commodity production and increase product value.
doors and entrances
Currently, 100% of communes have had primary schools.
Currently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune is managing 380 million VND of the People's Fund, 12.3 billion VND of loans from the Socialist Bank of the district, thereby helping farmer members have investment capital to expand production and business to increase income.
Decision No. 2327/QD-UBND dated May 30,2015 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on approval for the master plan for fishery development in Binh Dinh province by 2020 with a vision to 2030;
Article 1. Grants for implementation of the School Milk Program in preschool institutions in Binh Dinh province from 2018 to 2020
When planting, spread 10-20g Furadan / hole (to limit termite ants destroying seedlings), conduct hook mixing the hole, put the gourd down next to the hole with a sharp knife cut off about 2-3cm at the bottom of the gourd, put the gourd down the center of the hole, make a slit along the length of the gourd and pull the plastic gourd out, compact the soil around the base of the tree.
To coordinate in investigating and assessing the overall potential of silica sand in the province's sea areas, which will serve as a basis for the formulation of Vietnam's master plan on silica sand minerals and the formulation of the province's master plan on construction sand.
Provincial Party Committee secretaries, chairpersons of district-level People's Committees and heads of concerned agencies and units shall implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Culture and Sports in the Statement No. 2084/TTr-SVHTT dated December 19,2019,
Acquaintance 
At the same time, coordinate with reputable labor export enterprises to organize consultancy and propaganda for village leaders and laborers.
To apply scientific achievements to the development of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts in line with the trend of international integration.
If we know how to harness it, we can get rich from the forest.
Ethical qualities: Good conduct.
In order to effectively implement the Campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized urban area" in 2019, in addition to directing and guiding communes and townships to coordinate with one another in implementing the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life", to organize the registration of cultural families and cultural residential areas in 2019.
During the year of famine, the village died, and the sisters Min Yi and Yă Krua also went into the forest to dig wood.
Participants in the event
to make farmhouses. 
Time and place: 19h30 on 08/8/2019 at Nguyen Tat Thanh Square, Quy Nhon City.
ipdf
Deputy Heads: Mr. Phan Thanh Liem, Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training.
Spring about 
news report 
Implementation duration : 2017 - 2018.
Pursuant to the Law on Education dated June 14, 2005 and the Law on amendments to the Law on Education dated November 25, 2009;
Provincial - level Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Departments shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with localities, departments and sectors in, identifying disaster relief needs.
Overview of the current situation and needs
Accordingly, students of lower and upper secondary schools; students of Vinh Thanh district vocational education and training center go back to school from April 27, 2020.
With the spirit of training human resources for ethnic minorities so that ethnic minorities have the capacity to work in the fields of industry and handicrafts.
After planting, if there is no rainfall, it is necessary to water the cashews with a small amount of watering about 20 - 30 liters / pit so that the roots and soil in the potting mix with the soil in the pit and provide enough water for the seedlings in case of drought in the first days.
The time.
At the same time, to actively mobilize people to well implement emulation campaigns and movements,
Article 2. Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development shall be responsible for drafting and submitting internal procedures for handling of 04 administrative procedures announced in Article 1 herein to Chairpersons of provincial People's Committees for approval.
whipped 
The monkeys ran away. He took all the monkeys' possessions.
One of the activities that many members participate in is to build a savings model to help poor members in life.
Materials required for 1 ha are pond mud and 1,000 kg of rotten manure or 250 kg of microbiological organic fertilizer.
Directive on organizing the implementation of vaccination for livestock and poultry in 2016 and strengthening measures to prevent and combat animal diseases
At the same time, to direct commune forestry officers, police officers and forest rangers in charge of localities to intensify inspection and search of localities in order to detect and prevent violations of the Forestry Law.
In 2014, 2015 continue to invest in restoring the remaining martial arts kilns in 11 districts, towns and cities to achieve the target of 30 martial arts kilns.
When are you going to get the firewood?
frog frog
hentai chick
tear off
Recently, Vinh Thanh District People's Committee has always determined that the promotion of information technology application and implementation of electronic one-stop-shop software have important significance in administrative reform as well as management and administration activities of leaders of agencies and localities.
The place where the teaching and learning of traditional martial arts takes place is called a martial arts school, dojo or gym - hereinafter referred collectively to as a martial arts school.
- Education and training;
In Vinh Thanh district, the situation of drowning in the district still takes place and almost every year people die from drowning, especially children.
The following persons are invited to be members of the Council:
Build one more bridge over Thi Nai lagoon 
This Resolution is ratified by the 12th People's Council of Binh Dinh Province at its 8th meeting on December 07,2018 and comes into force from January 01,2019./.
Decision No. 1672/QD-TTg dated November 30, 2018 of the Prime Minister on approval of the Planning for construction of Binh Dinh province by 2035.
In 2019, Vinh Thanh District Public Security proactively grasped the situation, advised Party Committees and authorities, mobilized the combined strength of the entire political system and people of all strata to ensure order and security, political security and social order and safety continue to be maintained, effectively contributing to the task of socio-economic development of the locality.
Accompanying students in scientific research projects, or as a Deputy Secretary of the College Union, many students are not afraid to come to her to exchange learning, as well as share things in everyday life.
In disseminating and supervising epidemics, detecting and handling outbreaks, promoting the effectiveness of coordination regulations under Joint Circular No. 16/2013 / TTLT-BYT-BNN&PTNT dated May 27, 2013 between the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Ministry of Health.
To intensify cultural exchanges and take appropriate measures to limit adverse impacts of foreign cultures.
For the environment, besides the involvement of local authorities, it is very necessary to have the consciousness of the farmers themselves in collecting garbage; avoiding littering or pollution around the family's residence area; not releasing dogs and cats; using plant protection drugs properly, stopping before collecting according to the manufacturer's instructions, bottles and packages of drugs should be collected and gathered at a prescribed place.
When the worms are in high density, use one of the following drugs to kill them: Sherpa 25EC, Cyperan 25EC... dosage as recommended on the label. 
About BQL
Bedbugs, spiders, aphids, aphids spray: Sherpa 25 EC, Trebon 2.5 EC, Pegasus 500 EC, Actara 25 WG, Danitol 10 EC 
resistance,
To allocate funds to support fishermen in time and in accordance with regulations.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned branches in, planning the construction of a centralized dormitory for students of universities, colleges and professional secondary schools in the inner city.
The Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees of the provinces shall assume the prime responsibility for launching and other relevant activities and movements.
The training course aims to help grassroots cadres engaged in the building of a new countryside fully and promptly update new central and provincial directions related to the building of a new countryside.
Responding to and participating in some activities at the central level.
At the same time, cooperate with authorities, unions, communes, towns and members of Military Service Boards of districts in encouraging the people to fulfill their citizen's obligations;
In recent years, the Public Security Force has closely coordinated with the health sector and functional units to well implement the prevention and control of Covid-19.
put in,
Specifically, it is necessary to guide and support loans and plant varieties for people in areas near forests to feel secure in developing production and raising their living standards.
In order to encourage farmers to produce hybrid rice varieties, the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province has supported plant varieties for many years, including policies to support hybrid rice varieties for mountainous areas.
To coordinate with the banking sector and related units in formulating and implementing loan policies for the Scheme on agricultural restructuring in their localities, especially models of linkage and application of high technologies to agriculture.
Economical, high efficiency in many fields, especially foreign affairs, international cooperation expansion of the province
Decision on announcement of the list of new administrative procedures in agriculture and rural development under the management of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province
- The presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and cities;
Mr. Ha Duy Trung, Deputy Secretary of Provincial Union. 
Department of Justice
Mr. Nguyen Thanh Son, Deputy Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism;
Currently, the crops are growing and developing quite well, tea 1 to the stage of making stalks - preparing for pitting, tea 2 stages to finish branching - making stalks, pests and rat bites appear scattered but not high density, the functional sector has coordinated with local authorities to guide farmers to implement measures to prevent and avoid spread.
Eight o'clock starts.
Regarding the information, propagation and dissemination of policies and tasks on judicial reform and judicial activities in the 2015 - 2020 period in appropriate forms
Assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related units in, reviewing and classifying pupils and students
licking up
Which way is Mr. Nhon's house?
Inspect the trading and slaughtering of animals and animal products at slaughterhouses and markets in the province.
sleeve
Because for a long time, ethnic minority people in mountainous communes often have the habit of extensive farming; they need large areas of land for farming, leading to deforestation on their own. 
Over the years, the investment in infrastructure construction has been paid attention to Vinh Thuan commune.
Thereby, to help poor households and ethnic minority households in Vinh Thanh district step by step overcome difficulties, actively develop the economy, to improve living standards.
The sacrifices of relatives are great, the Party and the State always recognize and praise.
The province shall respond to and participate in a number of activities on the "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" at the central level, depending on the requirements of the central level and the practical situation of the province.
Accordingly, the commune People's Councils have gradually come into operation with the construction of monitoring and survey plans in 2019.
At the places of visit, the leaders of the districts graciously inquired about the health and life situation of policy families, and wished the families to continue promoting the revolutionary traditions, set a good example in the implementation of the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and patriotic emulation movements in the localities, actively participate in labor and production, contributing to building the countryside more and more prosperous.
In 2019, Ta Diek village had 97.7% of families achieved the title of cultured family and 100% of them were recognized as cultured villages.
And outlined what to continue to do to well implement ethnic cultural policies, especially guidelines and policies for ethnic minorities in the province.
Taking care,
lies,
Accordingly, the district People's Committee directs the functional agencies to study and rearrange the crop structure and seasons in accordance with the ecological characteristics of each region.
The evening rain on October 30 accompanied by strong winds caused many large trees on the DT637 road to Vinh Son and the bypass along Dinh Binh Lake University33 to fall, some roads along the lake were eroded, causing shortcomings at many traffic routes in the district.
Mr. Bui The Ty, Department of Planning and Finance, Department of Education and Training.
Article 2. - To assign the directors of the provincial / municipal Education and Training Services to assume the prime responsibility and coordinate with the concerned units and localities in organizing the implementation of the current regulations of the State.
Especially, thanks to many priority policies for agricultural and rural development such as seedling and seedling support, low-interest loan policy, etc., it has created favorable conditions for farmers in the direction of economic development and gathered farmers with the same production objectives and the same concerns to set up professional associations.
At the same time, deductions will be made from the district Children's Protection Fund to give 40 gifts to poor, disabled and disadvantaged children in Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes, each gift valued at VND 200,000.
To step up forest protection and forest product control at stations and posts in forests and bordering areas in order to effectively prevent exploitation and transportation in complicated areas.
New Year's Day
The Committee for Ethnic Minorities Affairs, other relevant departments and sectors and People's Committees at all levels shall implement according to their responsibilities and management scope.
Accordingly, Party Executive Committees of districts continue to promote internal resources, pay attention to directing economic development, investment in production development, capital construction, ensuring social security, political stability, effective prevention and combat of crimes and social evils.
Socialist Republic
Harvest and storage: Harvest when corn is fully ripe or physiologically ripe (physiological ripening signs when the seed base has a black mark or 70% of plants have dry leaves or moisture content reaches 28-30%).
Determining that the administrative reform is a major program of the Party, the State and the province, of special importance involving many fields in order to modernize the State administration, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district has step by step renewed the contents and forms of directing the implementation of the administrative reform program to suit the requirements and tasks set by the central government and the province.
To step up the application of scientific and technical advances to cultivation, husbandry, forestry and aquaculture; to conduct scientific irrigation in production; to properly prevent and control plant, animal and aquatic diseases; to attach importance to production efficiency and sustainable assurance.
The Center for Rural Development in the Central of Hue University of Agriculture and Forestry has organized a training course for leaders and members of the group "Same interests" safe vegetable cultivation in Vinh Son commune.
To properly carry out production planning and solidify the system of transport, irrigation and internal canals.
At the request of the Department of Planning and Investment in Report No. 31/TTr-SKHDT dated March 06,2019 and the Department of Education and Training in Report No. 183/TTr-SGDDT dated January 28,2019,
Less.
met,
On this occasion, the district delegation and the district Fatherland Front Association visited and gave 6 gifts, each worth VND300,000 to policy families in the commune.
Twice receiving funding for housing construction, he understood better than anyone else the care of the Party, the State and social organizations for policy families.
Evening. Make sure you cook the rice. I went to the market. The food is in the kitchen upstairs.
Performing well the tasks of grasping the area, holding the household, holding people and solving the situation of security and order in the grassroots.
the pen,
Currently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh district has been entrusted to provide loans to poor households at the Transaction Office of the Social Policy Bank of the district with loan turnover of more than VND 113.8 billion/2.524 loans.
At the same time, to direct the functional branches to work out plans for propagation and protection of security, order and safety during the time the delegations come to exchange,
the worm,
3 years/1 issue - chain of events: Linking thematic topics of 3 years to form issues, chains of events to organize activities.
Determine the types of livestock suitable for the conditions of each region and bring high economic efficiency;
full moon
Thanks to being trained in the necessary skills, and being local, the population collaborators are easily accessible to the people, trusted by the people, thereby having appropriate and effective propagation ways.
mangoes
The Project Administration Board is tasked to advise and assist the provincial People's Committee in :
choking
According to the statistics of the Agriculture and Rural Development Division of Vinh Thanh district, the entire district has 46.6 hectares of fish ponds, 78 hectares of extensive fish farming in the reservoir. Particularly, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh lake currently has 29 households in Vinh Thanh town and Vinh Hao, Vinh Hiep and Vinh Thinh communes with the number of 350 fish cages, the average production of more than 450 tons per year.
Provincial People's Committee 
To consider the granting of red books on slash and burn land areas to ethnic minority households; to settle regimes and policies for people with meritorious services to the revolution; for many cases of unsuccessful certification due to cumbersome procedures.
From the investment of the Party, the State together with the efforts of the people in the district, the appearance of many residential areas has changed markedly, especially in ethnic minority areas.
On the morning of July 20th, at the health station of Vinh Hoa commune, the Young Physician Club in cooperation with the Medical Center of Vinh Thanh district organized a visit, gifts and health care for people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Hoa commune.
wines
Therefore, the implementation should be organized extensively to achieve high efficiency.
Martial arts furnaces shall themselves make designs and cost estimates under the guidance and appraisal of professional agencies.
pay (money) 
To date, 100% of communes and townships have motorways to commune centers, inter-commune roads are concreted and asphalted up to standards; 100% of communes have adequate schools and classrooms; there are boarding schools for students in places far from schools such as Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes; 99.2% of households use electricity for daily life; 9/9 communes and townships meet national health standards.
But after a few crops, I found that the technical process of investing in hybrid rice production is not as complicated as I thought, the yield is high, now everyone knows how to grow hybrid rice."
Subjects of application: This process applies to organizations and individuals engaged in the production of grafted cashew in Lam Dong province.
Especially in old epidemic hotspots, vaccination areas with low rate and localities lacking initiative in epidemic prevention and control.
bow
Model of breeding chickens in gardens in the direction of specialties, scale of 100 chickens in Vinh Thanh town; Model of intensive cultivation of some new grass varieties on the conversion ground associated with the plan to build a linkage of animal feed chain scale 1 ha in Vinh Hiep commune.
The district People's Committees shall direct the full implementation of regimes and policies towards ethnic minority children such as: allocation of notebooks, rice support, food and daily-life allowances and other personal needs in order to create conditions for them to study well.
To coordinate with the Aquatic Resource Exploitation and Protection Sub-Department in strictly supervising and managing fishing vessels operating in remote areas through coastal stations using long-range HF communication systems with GPS devices.
The support level is equal to 70% of the cost norm for basic vocational training and under-three-month vocational training for rural laborers.
Snake
Of which, the provincial budget accounts for up to 40% and the district budget accounts for up to 20% of the total project investment.
Kôn River
Don't swing your hand, hold your hand.
boils,
Have foreign language proficiency level 1 as prescribed in Circular No. 01/2014/TT-BGDDT dated January 24,2014 of the Ministry of Education and Training.
In 2003, after demobilization, he returned to his hometown, he explored 4 hectares next to Ha Ron stream near his home to develop cashew cultivation, lemon cultivation combined with animal husbandry.
tomorrow stars,
Mr. Nguyen Van Long - Head of Agriculture and Rural Development Division of Vinh Thanh District, said: For a long time, ethnic minority people in mountainous districts in general, Vinh Thanh in particular, have the habit of growing traditional rice varieties, low yield, poor resistance to pests and diseases.
tickling,
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Construction Departments in, appraising rent rates and strictly inspecting the lease of student dormitories in their localities.
It is known that in 2019, implementing the movement of farmers emulation of good production and business, solidarity to help each other get rich and reduce poverty sustainably in the commune, there are 49 households registered and won the title of good production and business at all levels.
embroidery
Pursuant to the Law on Fisheries dated November 21, 2017;
By doing concrete work, the Party Committee of Vinh Hao commune has combined with mass organizations to organize many propaganda sessions to raise the awareness of cadres, party members and the people about the significance and importance of agricultural economic restructuring for all people to implement.
In addition, in the past tenure, Vinh Thuan commune also focused on capital construction investment,
To guide and transfer to farmers the technical process of intensive raising of high-quality beef cows; the technique of fattening beef cows before ex-housing them with locally available feeds.
In addition to the above-mentioned forms of regular campaigning, in recent years, the Association has also deployed for its members to register for the implementation of the model of 5 no 3 clean families and 3 clean women's groups.
Have a clear background;
Regarding the time for holding the congress: The congress of affiliates of the grassroots Communist Party shall not exceed 1 day, be held in the first quarter of 2020 and completed before 31.3.2020.
I'm gonna go to the gym right now.
giving ghost 
To implement emulation movements "Women actively study, creatively work and build happy families" in association with the implementation of "Learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh"; the campaign "Building a clean 5 no 3 family" and "Practicing ethical qualities: Confidence, self-esteem, loyalty and assurance".
Harvest Preservation
Go back to,
Support Levels
To inspect and guide 54 grocery business households in the districts to make commitments not to store, purchase and sell firecrackers and dangerous toys.
Chairpersons of People's Committees of An Lao, Hoai An, Hoai Nhon, Phu My, Phu Cat, Tay Son, Vinh Thanh and Van Canh districts, Quy Nhon city and heads of relevant units shall implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
In the year, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh town admitted 12 people to the party, received 16 party members to the party committee, bringing the total number of party members of the town to date to 373 party members.
Sesame plants are not picky soil, have a short growth period (about 75 days), and good drought resistance. 
half,
On the morning of September 18, the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vinh Thanh District in collaboration with the People's Committee of Vinh Quang Commune established a group with the same interests of safe vegetable production.
ru (child)
This is a favorable condition for the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province together with training institutions and relevant agencies to invest in building houses for students.
Cow herd size: The total cow herd will reach 260, 000 by 2015 and 520, 000 by 2020, of which 320, 000 will be raised in farm households and 200, 000 in enterprises.
Field of Crop Production and Plant Protection
to send 
the smallest, the most beautiful
The Office of Education and Training, the Office of Health, the Health Center of the district, and the People's Committees of communes and towns should cooperate in regularly inspecting and supervising the implementation of Covid-19 prevention and control measures at educational institutions; resolutely handle and consider imposing penalties for failure to strictly and adequately comply with directions.
At the same time, the working offices and material foundations at the request-receiving and result-giving sections from the district People's Committees to communes and townships shall be arranged in convenient locations, equipped with computers... according to regulations, and at the same time be publicly and fully posted up with the order, procedures, time, charges and fees for citizens to know.
tiny
He ran forward with his knife and saw a huge python wrapped around a large elephant.
On taxes and prices of public irrigation products and services
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Departments, sectors, districts, towns and cities in, advising and assisting provincial-level People's Committees in directing the implementation of the Scheme;
I'm the youngest in the family.
Traffic Road Construction
brothers and sisters
Through surveying and evaluating the current status of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside,
Mr. Nguyen Van Long - Head of Agriculture and Rural Development Division of Vinh Thanh District, said: For a long time, ethnic minority people in mountainous districts in general, Vinh Thanh in particular, have the habit of growing traditional rice varieties, low yield, poor resistance to pests and diseases.
When you go to sleep, you remember a head ivory, a foot ivory. Then you'll have what you want.
Forms, contents and time of examination sections, ways of determining successful candidates
- They're...
In particular, focus on promoting the propagation of ethnic policies, typical examples of ethnic minorities in learning, labor and production, in order to create exciting emulation movements.
For localities with a high percentage of ethnic minorities and far from the district center such as Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes, the district health center has implemented a series of solutions to ensure the best health care needs for the people here.
For cases where the dossiers are made not according to the prescribed contents, procedures and order, the Councils shall not consider them.
Persons entitled to preferential policies on cultural enjoyment specified in Article 2 of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 170/2003/QD-TTg of August 14,2003, on preferential policies on cultural enjoyment.
The results achieved from studying and following Uncle Ho's example have arouse the sense of learning emulation and creative labor of officials, members and women in the district, contributing to the implementation of socio-economic development tasks of the locality.
the plow,
In order to bring about effective vocational training, vocational training information and propaganda work is carried out in a synchronous, extensive and diverse manner in diversified and attractive forms in Vinh Thanh district.
Yesterday,
ploughing (field) 
The Children's Councils shall be organized and operate on the principle of voluntariness and self-management under the guidance of the Consultative Boards.
hold 
- The central agencies in the provinces;
after,
Do not use 40% of tuition fees for general vocational guidance to create sources for salary reform (tuition fees are formulated on the basis of cost of learning materials).
And Joint Circular No. 11/2011 / TTLT-BNN-BQP-BTC dated March 14, 2011 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Finance.
You must not touch chickens and chicken droppings! When feeding chickens, you must wear a mask, gloves. Chicken flu is very dangerous very contagious. 
Vinh Thanh District promotes the development of high-quality beef cow breeding towards sustainability, creating goods value
pieces (wood) 
Accordingly, from 2015 to 2018, Vinh Thanh district has set up procedures to settle 307 women in poor households of ethnic minorities, who are entitled to support policies with a total amount of VND 614 million.
To provide professional training and guidance for specialized agencies assigned to conduct district - level inspection and supervision and officials assigned to conduct inspection;
Strengthened the Steering Committee, the Rapid Response Team, and developed plans for ASF prevention and control.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 10/2009/TT-BXD dated June 15,2009 of the Ministry of Construction;
To request agencies and units assigned above to formulate plans and coordinate in implementation.
Her lessons are always interesting and attractive to students.
In particular, many targets have been achieved and surpassed the Resolution's objectives. In the economic sector, the annual average value of the local GDP increases by 14.5%.
Department of Home Affairs 
In addition, on this occasion, the Provincial Statistics Office also presented Certificates of Merit to 2 collectives and 8 individuals; Vinh Thanh District People's Committee also presented Certificates of Merit to 7 collectives and 10 individuals who excellently completed their tasks in the 2019 Census.
To build and develop new urban centers, including Cat Tien urban center, Nhon Hoi urban center, Phuong Mai urban center and urban center along Thi Nai lagoon.
Learning and following Uncle, has become regular continuous and serious work.
Organize and arrange performance schedules, exchanges between delegations and typical dojos in the province... 
salt (melon) 
know,
Ballast 80kg N+40kg P2O5+80kg K2O(about 175kg Urea+200 Superphosphate+130kg KCl)
Protecting, caring for and educating children in the best conditions is the responsibility of the entire society, and the top national policy of the Party and State of Vietnam.
Over the past years, Vinh Thanh district has focused on stepping up the administrative reform in line with the practical conditions and situation of the locality, aiming to create positive changes in improving the quality and efficiency of settlement of administrative procedures, better and better meeting the needs of organizations and citizens, creating a driving force for socio - economic development.
Promotion and information work
In 2019, the Commune Farmers' Association in cooperation with the Credit District Social Policy Bank lent 41 members VND 2.9 billion, increasing the total outstanding debt by over VND 12 billion, to 273 members.
but,
First year: Lining: Before planting, dig a fertilizer hole 15 - 20 kg of manure + 0.3 - 0.5 kg Supe phosphate soil before planting 15 days.
It is known that the total cost of building the house is nearly VND150 million, of which the district's "For the Poor" Fund supports VND40 million, the rest is contributed by the family.
By noon the market was over, and he and his mother left. He said to his mother, "Next time I'll let you go to the market."
Currently, A Ngat's family has 8 hectares, including 2 hectares of acacia, 2 hectares of cashew and 4 hectares of land for planting short-term crops such as pumpkin, black beans, green beans, corn and watermelon.
Nearly 50 participants are officials of grassroots farmers' unions and farmers' unions of communes and townships in the district.
Carefully prepare the contents related to the organization of Binh Dinh Summer Tourism Festival 2017 according to the approved plan.
controlled
Discarded
Decision No. 2327 / QD-UBND dated May 30, 2015 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province approving the master plan on fishery development of Binh Dinh province through 2020, with a vision to 2030.
"Well done," he said, looking at him. "You're a big boy."
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003,
To prioritize resources to control food safety in the chain for key agricultural, forestry and fishery products with high risks and high food safety concerns, reaching 50%. At the same time, to complete the system of traceability and identification stamps and labels.
mixed,
Time and place: 
Every year during the flood season, the Kôn River is deeply dug into the production land, there have been about a dozen hectares of agricultural land swallowed up by the "cheerleader", dozens of houses are threatened each flood season.
To attach importance to raising the quality of education and training, creating the best conditions for children to study, paying attention to and investing in health stations in order to provide healthcare and prevent diseases in the locality.
The director of the Relic Management Board shall assign and define the responsibility for settling affairs of deputy directors and heads of professional sections.
In order to achieve the above results, Vinh Thanh district has strengthened the propagation and dissemination of the guidelines and policies of the Party, the State, the province and the district on labor export.
Have you wanted to go army. 
At the same time, to formulate plans and schemes on forest fire prevention and fighting, consolidate command committees and forest protection shock teams and teams, and thoroughly disseminate knowledge about forest management and protection and forest fire prevention and fighting among people in the whole commune.
Attending the class there were 28 farmers in the group with the same interest in safe vegetable growing.
green,
strawberry tree
To be answerable to chairpersons of provincial-level People's Committees for organizing and mobilizing forces, means, supplies, food and essentials for the prevention, response and remedy of consequences of natural disasters in their localities.
The People's Committees of communes, wards and townships in the provinces shall work out annual plans on solidification of canals and ditches, which are approved by the provincial People's Committees at the proposals of the People's Committees of districts, provincial capitals and provincial towns.
tree branch 
Using funds in the annually assigned State budget expenditure estimates according to the provisions of the State Budget Law
Midnight Sex
puddles,
GF Male
From the program of rapid and sustainable poverty reduction under the Government's Resolution 30a, over the past 10 years (from 2009 to 2019), Vinh Thanh district has received more than VND 305 billion to deploy the construction of 112 works; in which, there are 14 traffic works, 34 irrigation works, 44 educational and cultural works, 11 electricity and water works, 10 medical works.
If the linkage area is less than 100 ha, the linkage leader shall make a plan to request support for the linkage.
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Justice; departments and sectors of provinces shall implement according to their responsibilities and management scope.
Up to Vinh Son highland commune, you can see the changes in the lives of ethnic minority people here.
A group of farmers with similar interests has been born with 25 households directly producing and planning to expand the area from 35, 000 to 40, 000 m2.
For commune roads completely damaged road surface: 400 tons of cement/1km is used.
My family lives in Kon Đruch village, Vinh Son commune, Vinh Thanh district.
the groom
Guava Fruit
Besides the achievements, the delegates also actively discussed and proposed solutions to overcome the limitations and difficulties during the implementation of Guidance No. 35 of the Central Organizing Committee on the organization and operation of military branches of communes, wards and townships in the district in the coming time to achieve better results.
To direct the publicization on the mass media of lists of eligible and ineligible establishments for ensuring the quality of agricultural supplies, rural daily-life water and food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products under their management;
As of December 31, 2019, 100% of the Party Committees of Vinh Thuan commune have successfully organized the Congress of Party Committees for the term 2020 - 2022.
Mr. Vo Dinh Kha - Deputy Director in charge of Department of Foreign Affairs;
Invest in roads to the martial arts studios
In 2019, all levels of Farmers' Associations have coordinated with relevant sectors to promote the propagation and mobilization of farmers to properly implement the guidelines on economic restructuring in rural areas, restructuring of plants and livestock according to the general guidelines of the district.
Mr. Vo Mai Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Industry and Trade 
No need to create drainage trenches, using drainage systems such as rice production.
Butterflies
Since the Lunar New Year, the Youth Union at all levels in Quy Nhon city has mobilized 40 peach trees from households,
To select and create key livestock breeds of high productivity, quality, disease resistance and climate change adaptation.
hen chick
Along with that, the Commune Veterans Association has organized a thorough study of the Party's directives and resolutions, especially the Politburo's Resolution No. 09 on "Strengthening the Party's leadership with CCB work in the new revolutionary period"
The heroic Vietnamese mothers; the wounded and sick soldiers also expressed their excitement at the attention of the Party, the State and local authorities, affirming that they will maintain the revolutionary traditions of their families and native land, actively mobilizing their children and grandchildren to study, work and strive to rise in life, to be worthy of the revolutionary traditions of their native land.
lately,
Estimated demand and capacity of student housing in the province: 
Mr. Nguyen Phi Long - Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee.
To contribute to formulating and planning policies and resolutions of districts as well as socio - economic development objectives in their localities which are practical, effective and close to local realities.
What's up?
pale
Especially for poultry flocks in communes and towns in the district
Through direct and indirect support policies, there have been initial changes in agricultural production, forestry, rural economy, people's lives both spiritually and materially have been improved, incomes of people in poor districts have been increased, which is a very encouraging achievement.
In particular, 66 countries and territories now have covid-19 positive patients.
Overtaking
a road,
People's life in sea areas and islands is improved and improved comprehensively.
tied up
The theme consists of two parts: Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style on strengthening the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system; Stepping up learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in order to strengthen the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system to meet the requirements of the new revolutionary period.
In Vinh Hoa Commune, it will be sold to people at the Center of Vinh Hoa Commune, from 9.1.2020 to 22.1.2020.
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development
At the same time, to increase supports for production development and livelihood diversification together with investment in infrastructure in poor communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties; to reduce support policies without conditions, increase support policies with conditions and preferential credits for production development, vocational training, employment generation and labor export.
To direct functional agencies under the Department to inspect, classify, grant certificates of eligible establishments of food safety for production and business establishments as decentralized; to organize specialized inspection, handle violations in accordance with law;
Vinh Thanh district has 9 farmers' associations, 59 branches with 7,437 members.
around,
According to the Forest Protection Department of the district: The entire district currently has 58,835 hectares of forestry land, of which 47,685 hectares are forested, 3,399 hectares are planted forests, the forest coverage reaches 75.8%. 
that's....
In the villages of the Barnabas, the grain was plentiful in the storehouses beside the house.
young out,
ragged,
Rents for students' dormitories under state-funded projects shall be set by provincial-level People's Committees.
Pursuant to Article 47 of the Law on Public Investment dated June 13, 2019, which comes into force from January 01, 2020, prescribing formulation of annual and medium - term investment plans, situation and results of implementation of 5 - year socio - economic development plans;
As on every Sunday, this morning he woke up late.
embrace
Regularly inspect the garden, detect pests in time. 
Construction of product display area
pout (flag) 
In case there are different incentives and supports for the same content, the beneficiary may choose the most beneficial one.
Together,
Regarding the effectiveness of the province's hybrid rice seed support program, Dinh Van Boi of Ta Let Village, Vinh Hiep Commune said:
- To work out plans on protection and assurance of absolute security, order and safety at the venues for the festivals' activities.
bow bow
Enhancing the effectiveness and efficiency of state management, preventing and promptly handling violations of the law on dikes
Children's Council Model Frame Draft
He was suddenly worried.
Kneading Down
Fertilizing: The amount of fertilizer varies depending on the stage of growth of the plant to supplement accordingly.
In which cadres, Party members, members and unionists always promote the pioneering and exemplary character associated with learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh to set an example for the people to follow.
The popular cashew cultivars grown in Lam Dong are BO1, PN1, MH4/5, MH 5/4
From April to May 2019:
As a result, people's material and spiritual lives are improved, contributing to the effective implementation of hunger eradication and poverty alleviation in localities.
Occasionally. Now the birds are fewer and fewer. There is no going.
The closing ceremony of the festival:
Focus on the implementation of key tasks that are to build a clean and strong Party Committee, improve the combat capacity of the Party Committee to successfully implement the tasks of the Party Congress for the 2020-2025 tenure.
In 2018, the total area of rice in 2018 of the district was 2,370.9 ha, the yield was estimated at 57 tonnes / ha, the output of 13,513 tons.
To take responsibility before the director of the provincial / municipal Culture, Sports and Tourism Service and law for all activities of the Management Board.
Thereby, consolidating records, advising to form a Medical Examination Council and issuing a medical examination order.
Humiliation
At the same time, farmers' associations at all levels in the district have coordinated with the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development to build many effective demonstration models such as the model of safe vegetable cultivation in Dinh Truong village (Vinh Quang commune), the model of growing chili peppers in Tien An and Tien Hoa villages (Vinh Hoa commune), the model of raising chickens on biological padding in Vinh Thanh town, Vinh Thinh commune and Vinh Quang commune...
In areas with heavy rainfall, poor drainage can be on the bed or on the stick to plant; put vertical or oblique cuttings. If planted at the end of the rain (off-season) should put vertical cuttings. 
corn husk sticks
By doing practically, Ms. Dung and the collective Executive Committee of the Commune Farmers Association put the work of the Commune Farmers Association and the movement step by step upwards.
(forced) cage 
Another girl stood up.
Decision No. 514/QD-TTg dated May 08,2019 of the Prime Minister approving the overall adjustment to the master plan on construction of Nhon Hoi Economic Zone up to 2040.
flying,
The field of education and health has made positive changes, the quality of teaching and learning at all levels continues to be improved.
The elephant knelt down and said to the boy,
Why is it that,
squeezed
around,
Pillows
Parental whiteleg shrimps produced domestically meet 30% of the demand;
Focus on investment in transportation system, training facilities and visitor service.
Mom and I got up earlier than usual.
You just stay home and get well.
cover (rain) 
The Prime Minister's directives at this conference are of particular importance 
Scope, scale and duration of implementation
Up to now, grassroots mediation teams in the district have gradually gone into order with 144 mediators.
The Council and its members shall work on a part-time basis.
bored
Ly Xuan Hy Ward, An Nhon Town
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the provincial-level Party Committee's Propaganda Department, the provincial-level Natural Resources and Environment Department and concerned departments, branches and localities in, formulating and implementing schemes and projects on:
Pay attention to watering during germination, flowering and young fruiting...; drainage during the rainy season.
In order to proactively organize the application of measures to prevent and combat hunger, cold and epidemics for livestock herds in the rainy and stormy seasons, minimizing possible damage, localities should step up the propagation, mobilization and guidance for livestock breeders to actively apply measures to prevent and combat hunger, cold and epidemics for livestock herds, ensuring their suitability to local conditions in the rainy and stormy seasons; to bring buffaloes and cows to be kept at home in case of prolonged rain and cold, especially in Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes.
Form, process: 
With the money, rice collected through the implementation of the above models, over the past year, the grassroots chapters have helped many members of women in difficulties to borrow to invest in production and bring efficiency, contributing to stabilizing life.
fever,
the people,
Marketplace
Seed research and production system
To urge localities to build disease-free and food-safe husbandry establishments; to develop re-population and bio-safe husbandry and form linkages for consumption of husbandry products.
otter,
In addition, the Youth Union of Vinh Thuan commune actively mobilizes the youth to participate in socio-economic development programs.
Rapid detection and reporting of epidemics to take timely handling measures.
In particular, priority is given to the following categories :
On the morning of January 9, the police of Vinh Thanh District held a review of the police work in 2019, deploying the tasks in 2020.
Choose dumplings from root gardens (the right variety, the right species) with a growth period of 3 to 5 months. 
The life of the majority of people here still has a lot of difficulties, especially ethnic minorities.
picking (vegetables) 
Time of deployment: From April to December 2020. 
cotton plants
oral sex
hide,
Expanding the premises of the pagoda to build a martial arts club.
To increase the rural clean water supply rate to 80%;
Straighten
Have an office computer or a computer that meets basic IT skills standards.
Selection of products for chain safety validation and periodic monitoring of products in accordance with regulations.
Deputy Heads: 
To inspect, examine and post-inspect food hygiene and safety conditions of fishing vessels at provincial fishing ports.
What's that?
worship ghosts
co ro,
Task assignment
The association undertakes a number of specific tasks such as: embellishment of new countryside, renovation of mixed gardens, production organization, environmental sanitation, building of a strong political system.
If legislative documents are referred to in this Decision,
Department of Planning and Investment
Hygienic garden planting, grass removal and bush clearance to make the garden airy, pruning and burning the dead branches of pests to kill potential disease germs on the garden.
Use animal products that are not infected with animal diseases in order to voluntarily and effectively implement biosafety measures for prevention and control of animal diseases under the guidance of the Agriculture and Health sectors.
Grape wrapping: The wrapping of grapes is very important to limit insects and pests, harmful to grapes, beautify the fruit code, limit tanning.
In Binh Dinh, there is a very beautiful but also very aggressive river. It is the Kôn River. The river flows from the high mountains to the plain, then pours into the sea. In the rainy season, the water from the headwaters pours back, causing the river to rise and roll up, sweeping away all obstacles in its path. Away from the riverbank, you can still hear the roaring of water.
The third part.
Necessity and legal basis 
The people's life is improved, the rate of poor households in the district decreases annually according to the targets set out in the Resolution, particularly in 2019, the rate of poor households decreased to 37.99%, reducing 6.34% compared to the previous year.
joking,
- The provincial Peasants' Association and War Veterans' Association;
The two roofs in front and behind are steep.
Households participating in the model are supported by the State 70% of the money for seeds, supplies, fertilizers and plant protection drugs (particularly for the model of passion fruit in Vinh Son, ethnic minority households are supported 100% of the money for seeds, supplies, fertilizers and plant protection drugs).
Also in the afternoon of December 24, Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung visited Dinh Ghok's house, wounded soldiers, in village M9, Vinh Hoa commune. 
In particular, it is necessary to improve the quality of vocational training associated with job creation.
To strictly perform the tasks of socio-economic development in association with consolidation of defense and security and building of defense zones.
When the garden has closed the canopy, it is recommended to dig a trench between the two rows of trees according to the checkerboard to fertilize. Additional fertilizer should be about 10-20 kg / tree / year or 5-10kg of microbial organic fertilizer. In nutrient-poor areas, fertilizer can be doubled.
This is a meaningful act of appreciation for the contributions and sacrifices of those who contributed to the revolution.
Article 2. Subjects of application
Many Bana Kriem cultural individuals and families have achieved high achievements in labor, production and socio-economic development in the locality, becoming typical examples of ethnic minority people in the province.
Cough.
dew 
a little bit,
swipe
Using animal products with origin, not infected with diseases... contributing to protecting the health of people and developing sustainable animal husbandry.
sheet (fabric) 
On a number of policies to encourage and support the exploitation, aquaculture and exploitation services in remote sea areas
Article 2. Departments of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs shall take charge and cooperate with relevant agencies, units and local governments in :
Wind Flow
People here have changed in thinking, know how to apply scientific advances to production, cultivation and animal husbandry.
Coordinate with the Department of Finance to make the estimate of expenditure for examination organization.
The district Military Service Board has conducted the political examination and approval of 1,297 young men subject to conscription in the district.
Sesame aphids: live aphids gather in groups on the stems, leaves at the tops, young fruits. 
buffalo
Running Cure
And the responsibilities of the heads of professional organizations.
Thanks to that attention, the life of Vinh Thanh people, especially in ethnic minority areas has been renewed.
The work of mass mobilization of the administration has been renewed, close to the people and close to the grassroots level; to attach importance to mobilizing the people to jointly do the common work of the community.
Operating well in recent years and qualified to be able to participate in the service of visitors through the association with domestic and foreign tourism companies.
When the voting result reaches 80% or more, the Council members attending the meeting agree. 
later on,
As a result, the percentage of people receiving medical examination and treatment at the commune level is increasing.
Investment capital sources:
The yield of fresh atrium wood reached 50 - 60% compared with the volume of dry sawdust, 6.5 - 7 kg of fresh atrium wood reached 1 kg of dry.
guns,
buckled down,
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Conservation, storage, evaluation and exploitation of genetic resources; research, selection, reproduction and domestication of varieties; import and copyright purchase of new varieties; selection of leading and dominant plants;
Trade villages and traditional trade villages (below collectively referred to as trade villages) are entitled to policies to support the development of rural trades.
Regarding PBGDPL and grassroots mediation in the 2019 - 2023 period, especially carrying out procedures to request courts to issue decisions recognizing successful grassroots mediation results
Supported investment credit from the following sources:
Also noting the proposals and recommendations of the Steering Committee of the district movement, the Deputy Minister noted, it is necessary to continue to attach importance to the content of building a cultured family, improving the quality of the title in the spirit of Decree 122, defining the family as the foundation, the cell of society, it is necessary to pay more attention to moral education and lifestyle in each family.
Implementation time starts from 16.4 to 30.4.2020 
Article 3. Chief of Office of provincial People's Committee;
O mih ma duch naê amem mônat! Lom lö sônaêm anu yuoâ ôu, tôdrong pôm Ñeâ an 24 ñông Trung öông hoâi noâng daân lôm tôjung pôm chi hoâi ngheâ nghieâp, toâi ngheâ nghieâp oei huyeân Vinh Thanh ôi tôdrong ngo hnhei pôgôl tô tam. 
And welcome visitors in the following years.
bundles (wood) 
fights,
Article 11. Funding for implementation of policies
Effectively implementing the Coordination Program No. 365/CTPH-STP-TAND dated May 14, 2019 between the Department of Justice and the People's Court of the province
Program on building communes and wards suitable for children: VND 150,000,000. 
So far, we've done it ourselves.
Part IV Organization of implementation
At the meeting, Vinh Hoa commune voters raised a proposal such as: The State will soon pay attention to building a bridge across the Kôn River from Vinh Hoa to Vinh Quang so that farmers can conveniently cross the bridge.
And carry out the physical verification of the fulfillment of criteria in comparison with the application for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages in the province.
Thanks to technical training, guidance on how to do business, most of the borrowing families are effectively doing business.
Specifically for each ethnic group and the community of Vietnamese ethnic groups, especially for ethnic minorities in the province.
Ensuring order, security, traffic safety, fire and explosion prevention, food safety and hygiene
plow 20 – 25cm deep, plow 2 times, each time 10 – 15 days apart, harrow 2 times (the first time after plowing the first time about 7 – 15 days and harrow the second time after plowing the second time from 5 – 7 days).
Representatives of the province: Members of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, the Standing Board of the Provincial People's Council, the Provincial People's Committee and the leadership of the Provincial Delegation of National Assembly deputies;
Commend and discipline civil servants, public employees and employees as decentralized and as prescribed by law.
In addition, at the conference, Vinh Thanh district also implemented the poverty eradication plan for policy households and people with meritorious services in the district for the period 2019-2020.
On April 15, Chairman of the district People's Committee Mr. Le Van Dau, Head of the district Covid-19 Prevention and Control Board signed a document requesting the Chairman of Vinh Hoa Commune People's Committee to urgently establish an interdisciplinary epidemic control team for Covid-19 prevention and control with the composition of Health, Public Security, Military, Youth Union.
The congress has promoted the spirit of solidarity and unity of party members in the village branches, performed well the role of leading the people to socio-economic development, building a strong party and political system.
DS-Growth Planning
Recently, through the implementation of the production development support project under Program 135, a number of localities in the district have focused on supporting sustainable activities such as supporting machinery, equipment, livestock breeds and fruit tree varieties, building advanced and highly economical production development models.
sadness,
earrings,
She was married in the next village, so she used to come home.
difficulty,
From 20h00: Ceremony (Starting live broadcasting on Vietnam Television and Binh Dinh Radio and Television)
flickering (fire) 
So far, ethnic minority people in the commune have gradually consciously changed the way of doing business to improve the quality of life.
- The provincial Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees as well as the provincial associations and mass organizations;
If you don't say I'm poor, then let's marry.
Accordingly, each house of great solidarity will be supported VND 40 million for new construction, of which the provincial Fatherland Front will support VND 30 million for each house; the Central Socialist Bank will support VND 50 million for one house; the remaining amount and houses will be supported by the district Fatherland Front.
Directly respond to children's opinions and aspirations at periodical conferences.
In recent years, Party committees, authorities and mass organizations of Vinh Thuan commune have focused on promoting propaganda, consulting and guiding people to focus on applying modern scientific and technological advances to renovating mixed gardens, investing in tending plants and animals, restructuring plants appropriately to improve economic value for the family.
In order to effectively implement Decree No. 55/2015 / ND-CP to promote economic restructuring in agriculture and rural areas,
Currently, 100% of communes and towns have implemented the avian influenza vaccination
Ensuring clean schools, clean classrooms, airy, clean dormitories; ensuring sufficient clean water, hand soap (water form), quick hand disinfection for officials, teachers, students and learners in educational institutions.
Economic non-business capital source: VND 590 billion. 
Project objectives: 
giving,
In addition to the work of propagation and mobilization, the district Veterans Association also focuses on promoting emulation and emulation for economic development, helping each other eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty among its members and the people.
At the same time, this project is also combined to make roads on the embankment to expand the transport system of the town.
In addition, to study and follow Uncle, branches and mass organizations in the district, it is also associated with campaigns and movements such as building a new countryside and civilized urban centers; building a cultural life; the five-zero and three-clean movement; the movement for good production and business, etc., contributing to successfully realizing socio-economic development objectives and tasks, ensuring the annual reduction of the rate of poor households according to set targets.
remember,
fish fortune teller
Verify and arrange cars to pick up and drop off former Chairman and Vice Chairman of the provincial People's Committee from different periods to attend the Opening Ceremony and the Closing Ceremony of the Festival.
To organize re-examination of inspection processes of district-level specialized agencies according to their assigned tasks;
To consolidate and strengthen the operation of steering committees for animal epidemic prevention and combat at all levels, assign specific responsibilities to each member standing at the foot of the territory for inspecting, urging and directing the epidemic vaccination and supervision.
Pursuant to the National Assembly Standing Committee's Resolution No. 753/2005/NQ-UBTVQH11 of April 2,2005, promulgating the Regulation on operation of People's Councils;
squirrel
rush in,
Hey, sweetie.
groping,
The main solutions
Thereby, 89 members participated in the model of saving and building rice jars with the amount of nearly 7 million VND and 297 kg of rice.
Accordingly, in Vinh Son commune will organize sales at 4 points including: Village K2; K4; K8 and Village K8 and Suoi Cat.
in the morning
Item: Lighting the sacred fire. 
Rotate the venue to the mountainous districts and ethnic minority people: Van Canh, Tay Son, Vinh Thanh, Hoai An and An Lao.
Mother's word,
The theme consists of two parts: Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style on strengthening the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system; Stepping up learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in order to strengthen the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system to meet the requirements of the new revolutionary period.
To build dormitories for students of universities, colleges and professional secondary schools in the inner city.
(Drinking) go 
At the same time, to fully participate in conferences on law dissemination and education in ethnic minority villages in the district.
I really want to have a parrot to feed. When you trap me, I'll let you!
there's a...
According to the seasonal calendar, the autumn rice crop will be sown from the 1st to the 10th.
In which, there are 11 spots with the level of 400 thousand VND, 991 spots of 200 thousand VND. The total funding for implementation with the amount of more than 202 million VND.
Objectives of the project
Development investment capital: VND 13, 200 billion, including VND 11, 000 billion for localities and VND 2, 200 billion for central agencies.
Contained
Milk suppliers shall support 25% of funding according to milk purchase prices for all subjects participating in the Program.
Besides, the units continue to enhance the quality of natural forests by bio-forestry measures to regenerate and nurture forests. To allocate the remaining forest area that has not been allocated to local management.
Especially propaganda on the radio system in communes, wards and townships
wise
pantyhose
Recently, the entrustment of loans for policy credit programs through socio-political organizations including the Farmers' Association, the Women's Association, the War Veterans' Association and the Youth Union in Vinh Thanh district has mobilized the strength of the entire political system to help the poor and other policy beneficiaries.
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities
Yesterday Dao had to go down to Vinh Thanh to buy.
At the same time, to coordinate with agencies and branches in effectively preventing and combating crimes and social evils, ensuring the exercise of legitimate interests of citizens.
Directors of provincial State Treasuries and heads of concerned agencies shall implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
In the course of implementing the general survey, the Steering Committee for Population and Housing Census of the district regularly enhances the inspection, supervision and urging of localities and investigators in the implementation of the work. Vinh Thanh has completed the investigation 9 days earlier than the prescribed time.
Determining the coordination with credit institutions in disbursing loans to members and farmers engaged in production and business activities is one of the central tasks of the Association, annually, the Executive Committee of Vinh Thanh District Peasants Association focuses on the capital support for members.
What is the roofing?
Article 2. Principles of assignment and coordination in specialized examination, supervision and inspection
What'd you get?
I just got up.
The technique of floating citrus fruit trees to create conditions for the silk roots to grow right on the cultivated soil layer (the silk roots grow right on the surface of 20 - 30 cm of the cultivated soil layer).
ham,
At the top there are cloud trees knitted in different shapes.
The specific tasks of each member of the Organizing Committee shall be assigned by its head. The Organizing Committee shall dissolve by itself after fulfilling its tasks.
Provincial-level Information and Communications Departments shall assume the prime responsibility for, and propagate festival activities in the central and provincial-level mass media;
In particular, to attach importance to propagating the Party congresses of all levels, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party; to continue implementing and well implementing the Politburo's Directive No. 05 on stepping up the study and observance of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style as well as the Party's and the State's directives and resolutions.
To set up assisting boards: Examination paper board, Examination invigilation board, Examination header board, Examination marking board and Examination re-marking board.
Switching from traditional farming to industrial, high-tech application
rub,
In Lam Dong, the most suitable growing season is when the rainy season is stable, usually starting in June to August 15 calendar.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism 
The youth flower garden here will make its own impression, showing the heart of the people as well as the gratitude of the youth of the province to prolong the spring in the revolutionary hometown of Vinh Son.
Population Family Planning 
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns, cities and relevant agencies;
Decision No. 19/2013 / QD-UBND dated 26/7/2013 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on the regulation of entrance fees at the Relic Park and Friendship Park, Quy Nhon City.
At the meeting, National Assembly Deputy Le Cong Nhuong informed voters of the draft agenda of the upcoming 9th session of the 14th National Assembly.
In the spirit of "All for our beloved children", you suggest that all levels, branches, mass organizations and the entire society continue to step up the care and education of teenagers and children, jointly contributing to creating favorable conditions for the organization of Ho Chi Minh Young Pioneers to develop more and more strongly.
To effectively carry out the study contents and follow the ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style in raising the sense of responsibility against individualism in association with the implementation of the Central Committee's directives and resolutions on Party building.
Typical communes do well such as Dinh Thai village, Vinh Quang commune, Village 8, Vinh Thuan commune.
At the same time, organizing 03 drives to propagate forest protection, forest fire prevention and fighting in villages K2, K3, K4, the results have 245 turns of participants.
Where to visit,
Nhon Ly, Nhon Hai, Nhon Hoi, Nhon Chau and Phuoc My communes of Quy Nhon city and mountainous villages and communes under the State's current regulations.
Programs, projects and policies in ethnic minority and mountainous areas have brought practical effects, helping poor and near-poor households have conditions to rise in life.
Have at least an associate degree in elementary pedagogy or an associate degree in pedagogy relevant to the subject being taught;
In addition to the achievements, the recruitment and call-up of citizens for conscription and citizens to perform the People's Public Security Service in 2020 in the district still has some limitations such as:
After studying this topic, the Party Committee of the commune shall request the Communist Party's affiliates to include the contents of thematic activities in 2020 in their regular and thematic activities, at least once a quarter and organize periodical activities related to the political tasks of the Communist Party's affiliates and their members, discuss and discuss solutions for overcoming the limitations, set the orientation, assess the results, and report the results to the superior Party Committee.
Regularly monitor and analyze surveillance data in a continuous and systematic manner, properly assess the situation and development trend of the epidemic in order to take appropriate preventive measures.
Over the past years, the district People's Committee has effectively implemented the Party's and State's policies for ethnic minority areas in particular and mountainous people in general, achieving many positive results, thus affecting the material and spiritual life of people in the district increasingly.
In particular, in implementation of Decision 134 and Program 30a of the Government, up to now, nearly 700 poor households and households under difficult policies have been supported to build houses, including 298 ethnic minority households.
Detecting and quickly reporting the epidemic situation to veterinary stations for timely handling measures.
Mr. Vuong Truong Quan, Head of Secondary Education Department, Department of Education and Training.
God of Heaven
dwarf bananas 
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned agencies in, performing the tasks of aquaculture, exploitation and processing of marine products, conservation and sustainable development of marine, coastal and island ecosystems.
Plan No. 86/KH-UBND dated October 17, 2019 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province to implement the Project on restructuring the tourism industry to meet the needs of development into a spearhead economic sector in the province under Decision No. 1685/QD-TTg dated December 5, 2018 of the Prime Minister.
the rack
The Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Ministry of Industry and Trade on guiding the assignment and coordination in the state management of food safety.
the buffaloes,
Cutting
Besides, the management and operation of water supply works in rural areas are gradually getting into order.
After 20 - 30 days, the mycelium spreads around and to the bottom of the bag into white, solid, then remove the cotton knot, fasten the neck of the bag.
We came by train.
You're a good boy.
lumpy,
Mr. Nguyen Minh Doan, Deputy Director of the Department of Culture and Sports;
Intercropping: Beans such as peanuts, soybeans, black beans... are suitable intercropping plants; other plants such as tapioca, corn, pineapple... can still be intercropped into the cashew garden but it is important to fertilize sufficiently for intercropping plants.
Requirements
In Binh Dinh, where are the Barnabas?
In 2019: VND 6.970 million. 
On 23.4.2020, the Chairman of the district People's Committee issued a written request to the Division of Education and Training, Vinh Thanh District Center for Vocational Education and Training, Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for Early Childhood Education; Vinh Thanh High School in cooperation with the People's Committees of communes and towns to organize the return of students to school after the suspension period to prevent and combat Covid-19.
However, in addition to the achieved results, the district's economy also faced many difficulties due to African swine fever, dengue fever, prolonged sunny weather, rising prices of some agricultural commodities but production decreased due to crop failure, limited raw materials for industrial production of some commodities, land encroachment and illegal construction have not been thoroughly addressed, greatly affecting the local socio-economic development tasks.
Guidance No. 108 dated December 4, 2019 of the Central Propaganda Department requires Party executive committees of ministries, sectors and localities to study, thoroughly grasp and implement the contents of the 2020 theme among cadres, Party members and people in accordance with the specific situation and tasks of sectors, localities, agencies and units.
decoy
At present, the total area of aquaculture in the district is about 82.6 hectares, of which Dinh Binh lake's cage fish farming area is 17,500m3, an increase of 2,500m3 over the same period, the number of breeds is 1.4 million, the density of 80 / m3, mainly raised fish are pink bass, beaded waterfall, te lai
My Back
yellow wheezing 
Through the campaign "Each member registers a good job according to the moral example of Ho Chi Minh", the whole district has over 1,000 CCB members registered, reaching a rate of nearly 96%.
Today, more than 7 thousand students of Vinh Thanh highland district came to the school for the opening ceremony of the 2019-2020 school year.
To annul regulations promulgated by provincial-level People's Committees on charges for sightseeing of scenic places, historical relics and cultural works, including :
before that,
Website of the Department of Home Affairs and publicly posted at the head office of the Department of Home Affairs;
speed up
Have solutions to ensure human resources and funding
Resolution on adjustment of public tuition fees from preschool to high school in Binh Dinh province
In order to help ethnic minority people in Vinh Thuan commune improve the quality of life, change the way of thinking and doing, rise to legitimate enrichment.
Regularly clean the garden, remove fruits, seeds that are cloudy and destroy. It is possible to spray Basitox 40EC at the fruiting stage. Pay attention when spraying the drug must follow the instructions for use on the package. 
big teens
Assessing the current status of development of crops, livestock and specialty products
After being propagated by veterinary officials of districts and communes, his family has regularly implemented epidemic prevention measures for his family's poultry flocks.
Two... two...
Number of students living in dormitories: 6,335 people. 
To step up propagation, guidance and mobilization of husbandry workers to conduct biosafe husbandry; to observe regulations on repopulation, vaccination and cooperation with grassroots veterinary medicine establishments and local administrations in detecting and reporting on epidemics. It is prohibited to hide epidemics, self - treat or spread epidemics.
Straight Straight
In particular, focus on some objectives and targets such as: The average economic growth rate increased by 13.4%; strive to raise the average per capita income to VND 28 million / person / year; the rate of poor households annually reduced from 3 to 5%; the rate of rural laborers trained over 90%; budget revenues increased by 2% or more; every year 20% of the branches successfully completed their tasks, no weak branches; Party committees achieved clean and strong throughout the term.
The 3rd Congress of Representatives of the Young Artists of Binh Dinh Province in 2019 will be held on the morning of June 11, 2019.
The prevention and combat of economic, drug and environmental crimes have been enhanced and implemented with satisfactory results.
Through the traditional talks, we have contributed to educating people, especially the young generation, about the pride of the national tradition, striving to study, train, establish themselves and make a career contribution to building the country's increasingly developed homeland.
like to do,
Traditional martial arts activities in recent years have been maintained and developed in many aspects.
normally,
Investment in internal and external transport infrastructure, waterway transport, traffic hubs, public transport
Here, all kinds of records and administrative procedures are publicized and transparent about the process, time of settlement, fees, charges, delivery and receipt slips, notices of delayed processing.
enemies 
On PBGDPL, grassroots conciliation, building communes up to the standards of access to law,
When the ground is atrophied, use the slitting rod according to the predetermined size after taking the index finger to poke a hole in the middle of the gourd, place the seeds that have been breached quickly to ensure that the seed sprout upwards and cover the seeds with a small layer of powdery soil, sandy soil or rice husk.
to tell,
Knife Sharpener
Finish the fertilizer in a hole (15 – 20cm from the root or cuttings of tapioca). 
Pursuant to the Decision No. 2997/QD-UBND dated August 26,2019 of the People's Committee of the province 
termite snake
To organize the effective performance of relevant tasks as stated in the Scheme attached to this Decision.
Performing arts and sports activities are regularly maintained among the people, annually organized activities to celebrate major holidays and participated by the people; the villages have been supported with gong sets, contributing to maintaining, preserving and promoting the traditional arts of the locality.
By 2030, Vietnam will receive 10 million arrivals, including 1.8 million international arrivals, with an annual average growth rate of 6.1%.
Annually, to balance funds in allocated estimates for extracurricular teaching of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts to upper secondary schools in the province.
Assign officials to grasp the actual activities of the children's council members in the locality and unit. 
Chemical Fertilizer
(Incense-giving ceremony, Flower-giving ceremony at the Quang Trung Museum, the Heavenly Observatory, Opening Ceremony, Closing Ceremony, Exchange Program, performances at the typical martial arts studios.) 
The remaining funds shall be balanced by localities themselves from other lawfully mobilized capital sources for the complete construction of works on the basis of work cost estimates elaborated under the guidance of concerned provincial / municipal Services and branches.
Create 2nd-grade branches: When the 1st-grade branch is 25 - 30 cm long, we press the top to create 2nd-grade branches. Usually on the 1st-grade branch only retains 3 second-grade branches reasonably distributed in angle and direction.
Effectively performing the tasks specified in the plans for implementation of the PBGDPL for the 2017 - 2021 period
To advise provincial-level People's Committees on supplementing and strengthening provincial-level steering committees for animal epidemic prevention and control (with leaders of provincial-level departments and branches as members);
Mr. Tran Trong Triem - Deputy Chief of the Office of the Provincial People's Committee;
In response to the movement to build a new countryside, the Women's Union of Vinh Hao commune launched and implemented many emulation movements, combining activities with the implementation of the criteria for building a new countryside set by the commune.
In recent years, the Public Security Force has closely coordinated with the health sector and functional units to well implement the prevention and control of Covid-19.
Calculate
ancestors,
nose,
In addition, the patrol, control and prevention of violations of the Forestry Law has been strengthened, the units have coordinated to organize 280 inspections and searches of key forest areas, bordering routes and traffic routes, detecting 31 violations, of which 4 cases of illegal deforestation caused damage to 0.327 hectares of forest; illegal exploitation, trading and transportation of timber and forest products, vehicles without owners 27 cases.
This is the amount of money raised by the Vietnamese People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District from agencies, units, organizations and many individuals in the district to support Covid-19 prevention and control.
Manufacturing facilities, warehouses of enterprises
To ensure safety for 30 reservoirs (of which 5 reservoirs will be built); to prevent landslides in 17 km of dikes and sea embankments; 86.12 km of river embankments; to repair and build 28 irrigation and drainage pump stations; to repair and build 67 spillways; to solidify 598 km of grade-I and grade-II canals and ditches;
Winter-Spring crop 2019-2020 in Vinh Hiep commune put into sowing 139.5 hectares of rice and 105 hectares of shallow crops
After years of use has been peeling, damaged many segments making it difficult to travel, transportation of people's goods
The Knife
The effectiveness of the inspection and supervision of activities of enterprises on environmental protection is not high, not timely handling of violations of law in the management and environmental protection.
vun (original) 
- To be considered by the provincial People's Committees for partial or full support of loan interests (depending on the provincial budget capability);
Over the past time, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has focused on leading the promotion of learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style. Thereby, learning and following Uncle has spread, creating positive changes, contributing to raising the sense of cultivation and training of revolutionary ethical qualities in the contingent of Party members and the people, contributing to building Vinh Thanh district more and more developed.
Implementation time: In 2020
This is the first square-headed perch model deployed by the provincial Agricultural Promotion Center in Vinh Thanh province.
The group consists of 21 farmer households in Dinh Truong village. The group belongs to the safe vegetable project in Binh Dinh province for the period of 2016-2021. The group's duration is from October 1, 2019 to May 31, 2021.
On the basis of the above-mentioned principles, the framework program of activities of "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" in Binh Dinh covers the following contents :
chicken coop
According to the report, Vinh Kim commune has a total land area of 16,023.67 ha.
Dinh Thi Hoay, a farmer in village 5, Vinh Thuan Commune, has been growing hybrid rice for more than 6 years.
In 2019, the grassroots Women's Union also developed 182 new members, bringing the total membership of the district to 6,097.
Just... Just...
Compilation of exam contents of specialized professional subjects of accounting staff. 
silly,
Visiting policy families in the district, you graciously asked about the situation, talked with comrades wounded and sick soldiers and wished you good health, continued to make many valuable contributions to building the Party and government at all levels more and more clean and strong, and a bright example to educate revolutionary traditions for the young generation in the construction and defense of the Fatherland.
Hemorrhoids: Hemorrhoids appear from a young age (10-15 days after sowing). 
windows,
Through the program, promoting the spirit of shock and mutual affection of youth in helping people in difficulty-hit, deep-lying and remote areas, contributing to ensuring social security. With the desire to "share love", creating an atmosphere of joyful and exciting Tet for children and people in the New Year, bringing the warm Tet of humanity to the children.
Sometimes he'd follow, sometimes he'd rush ahead, and he seemed to be having a good time.
Strengths in emulation in Vinh Thanh district are the development of forest gardens, hill gardens and cattle breeding.
The district has chosen and used VNPT-iGate single-window software provided by VNPT Group to ensure interconnection with the Public Administrative Service Center of the province in handling administrative procedures.
This variety of rice is also easy to make, there are not as many pests as the others. "
The term of office of the Children's Council is the same as that of the provincial People's Council.
Gradual reduction of vessels and coastal mining output
Mr. Nguyen Huu Ha, Deputy Director of Department of Science and Technology
Hello, my friend.
fold fold
depressed
Pursuant to the Ordinance on Plant Varieties No. 15/2004/PL-UBTVQH11 dated March 24,2004 of the Standing Committee of the National Assembly;
Consumption of agricultural and forestry products (plants and livestock).
Children from 6 years old to under 15 years old
Pursuant to the Law on Housing dated November 29, 2005;
Over the years, Vinh Thanh District Farmers Association has implemented many solutions to help its members and farmers develop the family economy.
- The central and provincial documents on PBGDPL and grassroots conciliation;
LARGE BROAD
It is noteworthy that 400 elderly members achieved the title of "Elderly - a bright mirror" at all levels.
No, four more days is too long.
Before blooming: use foliar fertilizers: Atonic, Mastrer - Grow, nitric acid (according to the instructions on the package) sprayed twice, the first time when new buds appear, the second time is 15 days.
Specifically: VND 35, 035 million in 2016; VND 35, 035 million in 2017; VND 35, 035 million in 2018; VND 35, 035 million in 2019; VND 35, 036 million in 2020.
Powder spot disease: Due to Oidium sp attack, the disease spreads very quickly. Prevention and treatment with Ridomil, Anvil 
Training and transfer of technological advances: VND 1, 000 million, accounting for 2.1%, divided into the following years:
wipe tree 
Capital of the Program on support for fast and sustainable poverty reduction in 61 poor districts;
The houses are built to meet the standards of hard walls, hard floors and hard roofs, usable area of 24 square meters or more.
Funding for implementation of the Scheme
wounded 
Effectiveness of the model of expenditures and professional associations in Vinh Thanh district
The remaining districts and Quy Nhon city: 100% of the budgets of the districts and cities.
Organizing meetings, giving souvenirs to the delegations attending the festival. 
The week will take place in all communes and townships in the district from October 1 to 7, 2019 with many contents such as organizing professional and political training courses for cadres, civil servants, public employees and workers; vocational training classes for rural laborers; strengthening propaganda on the Week of lifelong learning; launching emulation movements for good teaching and good learning; organizing study promotion, physical training and sports, culture and art activities.
Organization and operation of the Children's Council of Binh Dinh province
The theme, the time,
This is the main wharf area of Quy Nhon seaport, including: Upgrading Quy Nhon wharf, Quy Nhon Tan Cang wharf, Thi Nai wharf, Central Tan Cang wharf, Dong Da wharf.
Speaking at the Conference, Vice Chairman of the People's Committee of district Huynh Duc Bao, Head of the Steering Committee of the 2019 Population and Housing Census of the district requested the district Statistics Sub-Department to guide the departments and branches of the district, communes and townships to use the data of the 2019 population and housing census of the district close to the reality.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of Local Government dated June 19, 2015 
Decision on issuance of unit prices of compensation for damage to trees and crops upon land recovery by the State in Binh Dinh province
To support Binh Dinh province in preparing the festival's contents, professional and external activities and inviting international and domestic martial arts delegations and clubs to attend the festival.
Thoroughly grasping and deeply aware of these viewpoints, over the years, the District Party Committee, the People's Council and the District People's Committee have regularly paid attention to directing and creating favorable conditions for the Association at all levels to operate.
To organize the effective implementation of the Plan enclosed with this Decision.
Uniformity in direction, administration and assignment of specific tasks
But she didn't know. There were twelve months in a year. January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
In the coming time, with the initiative, creativity, self-reliance and self-reliance of the Party and people of ethnic minorities in the commune, Vinh Thuan will continue to promote the tradition of solidarity and build a more and more rich and beautiful homeland.
The period of price subsidy for hybrid rice varieties is 3 years, from the Winter-Spring 2015 - 2016 crop to the end of the Summer-Autumn 2018 crop.
The Forest Protection Department of the district has established procedures for temporary seizure of 28.3 m3 of timber of all kinds. Handling 36 cases, confiscating 26.9 m3 of timber of all kinds and a number of means of transport and exploitation.
Binh Dinh Traditional Martial Arts Center is a place to preserve and promote Binh Dinh traditional martial arts, contributing to preserving and promoting national cultural identity.
In addition, in the past tenure, Vinh Hiep also focused on capital construction investment,
To coordinate with the forces of communes and townships, Song Kôn LN Co., Ltd and the protection forest management board in inspecting and sweeping forests, concentrating on key areas of deforestation and timber exploitation; to regularly supervise slash and burn production activities, preventing forest encroachment and forest algae.
Practice distancing in school: Class with class, teacher with teacher; arrange appropriate seats, students sit at least 1 meter apart; play in class, go back to class, parents are absolutely not allowed to enter the school to pick up students, students 
Puffed
radiating 
Additional planting density: 243 plants/ha: 700,002,351 VND
Chief of Office of the provincial People's Committee, Directors of Departments of Home Affairs, Culture, Sports and Tourism, heads of relevant agencies and units 
District PT always steadfast, unite to overcome difficulties, complete the standards of building strong units
meals (rice) 
Specifically: Biannual reports shall be submitted before May 15, 2020 and annual reports shall be submitted before November 15, 2020 or according to guidelines of the provincial PBGDPL Coordination Council (if any).
Squirting
The support level from the capital of the program on building a new countryside: For Hoai An, Tay Son and the remaining mountainous communes, it shall be 25% of the approved construction and installation value; for the remaining districts, An Nhon and Quy Nhon, it shall be 20% of the approved construction and installation value;
Mommy, who's that?
make friends,
hoarse
With the aim of propagating and integrating with reproductive health care services, the Campaign has provided women of reproductive age with a lot of knowledge about reproductive health, how to take care of themselves for women, gynecological examination, reproductive health care services, health counseling for women of reproductive age...
Today, the whole family went through the rice.
The dragon.
I look forward to your company every day.
Snatch
Loans from the Housing Development Fund of the province and other concessional loans (if any);
- To elaborate and submit detailed scenarios on the opening and closing ceremonies and cost estimates for implementation.
Many economic models of farmers' members continue to promote efficiency, bringing income to families
She liked it very much when she heard from Boong.
Pursuant to the Law on Promulgation of legislative documents dated June 22, 2015;
trains,
sheet (paper) 
In order to have more resources to implement the prevention and control of Covid-19, in the coming time, the Vietnam Fatherland Front in Vinh Thanh district continues to call on agencies, units, enterprises and donors to continue promoting their responsibilities and join hands with the whole country and the locality in preventing and repelling the Covid-19 epidemic, ensuring health safety for the people.
Flush
branch
delighted 
Implementing the direction of the provincial People's Committee, on the morning of April 2.4, Vinh Thanh District has urgently set up a checkpoint for COVID-19 prevention and control at Go Lui Station, the gateway to Vinh Thanh District.
To formulate a unified plan and integrate resources, programs and projects to implement the following contents :
By the end of 2013, schools shall prepare their material foundations and high - quality programs and set tuition rates for submission to provincial - level People's Committees for approval.
Check out the entire program of the Festival.
Blocking, digging and cutting off roots; screwing branches, castrating stems and branches; creating drought and stopping fertilizing in October - December (lunar calendar) on healthy citrus orchards.
According to people's reflection, in the past time in the district, there was a situation that some traders transported cattle and poultry of unknown origin and not under epidemic control to trade and exchange in the locality, especially in ethnic minority areas in mountainous communes.
To direct, guide, organize, inspect and supervise the implementation of support policies for fishermen in accordance with the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg.
Construction of clean water supply works
In order to visit and encourage prestigious people and their families, and at the same time praise and recognize the contributions of prestigious people to the general development of the locality in the past year, and wish that in the coming time, the prestigious people will continue to do better in building the great unity of the entire nation, always promoting their pioneering and exemplary role in propagating and mobilizing people to well observe the guidelines and lines of the Party, policies and laws of the State.
Along with the joy of teachers in all parts of the country, the laughter, the bustling footsteps to the school of students and the efforts, the belief of teachers in the highlands of Vinh Thanh district will promise a new school year with many successes.
And prioritize transportation vehicles for the staging and organization of programs. 
In 2017, he was the first to boldly experiment with new freshwater fish varieties of high economic value, favored by the market such as: lentils, beaded cascade fish.
deer
Contents: Caring for and additional planting of indigenous trees in protection forests.
Not only paying attention to education on cultural level, the schools also focus on preserving and promoting traditional cultural values through extracurricular activities, thematic activities, restoring and preserving the beauty of traditional culture of ethnic minority people.
Phase 1 (in 2012) 
inviting,
Thanks to changing the way of thinking, doing, thinking and business methods, the life of the people in the commune is increasingly stable and improved.
Expected fund for the festival is about 4.2 VND
Viewpoints
To contribute to raising the stature of preschool and primary school children by 2020, specifically as follows :
- Revenues from sanctioning administrative violations in the field of traffic safety (allocated to the provincial Traffic Safety Board in 2013).
In recent years, Binh Dinh province has well implemented the protection of rights and interests, cared for the spiritual life as well as improved health, encouraged and encouraged children to train themselves and strive to study.
He asked his mother,
today is,
big, big
The movement "Small Plan", "Lì xì heo đất trao góc học học giúp bạn học tốt", the program in cooperation with the district school encouragement association awarded scholarships to disadvantaged children on the district table, the model "Help you go to school", "Double friends progress together"...
Depending on the growth of each branch and tree, pruning only leaves 1 - 2 inflorescences / branch, for fruiting branches ≥1cm in diameter, it is possible to leave 2 inflorescences.
From this capital source, together with the support capital of the province and the district, so far, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune has set up procedures for disbursement of 3 breeding projects for 21 households with a total amount of VND 384 million, to invest in breeding cows.
Scale :
The body is reddish-brown, the head and chest are dark brown or jet black. The eggs are oval, opaque white. Young worms are white. 
mouthed,
and other expenses relating to the operation of the Council.
To advise and propose to the provincial People's Committee president relief measures to stabilize people's life soon.
To report on the Program implementation results at the request of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
To join the Binh Dinh provincial Children's Council; and at the same time to prepare a draft working regulation of the Council.
Equipment and technical materials for farming of cattle: VND 34,847,800,000 
Because Yôl was born and raised in Kon Đruch, he loves Kon Đruch.
Vinh Thanh District is focusing on effective use of potential, resources and investment capital to create a breakthrough in economic restructuring associated with socio-economic infrastructure development towards fast and sustainable development.
Determining the responsibilities of the heads of localities, departments, branches, agencies, associations and mass organizations in the province
Yes, there must be wood to make columns, bamboo to make walls, floors. Without grass, no roof.
Playing games
At the end of the meeting, Mr. Bui Tan Thanh, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee explained the opinions and proposals of voters under the jurisdiction of the district.
On September 15, all 9 communes and townships in Vinh Thanh district organized the election of village chiefs and neighborhood chiefs for the 2019 - 2021 term.
Avoid promoting a general appeal, respect for appropriate initiatives and solutions, whether small or appropriate in a certain area or economic type.
The pig vaccination rate will reach 80% of the total herd, of which the pig vaccination rate at farms will reach 100%.
Besides the achievements, the delegates also actively discussed and proposed solutions to overcome the limitations and difficulties during the implementation of Guidance No. 35 of the Central Organizing Committee on the organization and operation of military branches of communes, wards and townships in the district in the coming time to achieve better results.
The lack of clean water for daily life, the people's sense of environmental hygiene is still limited.
The Association also propagates deeply and widely to each woman's campaign "Build a clean 5 no, 3 family" in many forms such as: Talks, thematic talks, art exchanges... thereby the women's members responded positively, initially obtaining encouraging results.
Using labor protection when harvesting and preliminarily processing vegetables
foot mountain
Min Di recounted the story.
Political and social stability, national defense, security and social order and safety are maintained.
- To organize the reserve of food, foodstuffs, drinking water and necessary supplies before the rainy and flood seasons.
(Grass preliminary script Opening Ceremony attached) 
Low intellectual level, along with very harsh natural conditions, difficult transportation has greatly hampered the socio-economic development.
Add nutrients to the cashew garden at the time of flowering and fruiting to obtain high yields by using specialized foliar spray preparations for cashew trees such as HPC - B97, TN Grow.... In commercial cashew gardens, it is necessary to have a high-pressure sprayer to spray mature cashew trees.
How do you travel?
To monitor, examine and grasp the practical situation and guide and remove difficulties and problems in the work of grassroots conciliation and reconciliation, building communes up to the standards of law access.
Ignore it.
Division of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs of the district coordinates with the delegation to organize fun activities for children such as organizing the Festival of children who love folklore; the Moon Festival Night at the Center of Culture, Sports and Tourism of the district and giving 200 gifts to children in the district.
Mom looked at Yao and laughed.
Vinh Hoa commune voters request the provincial People's Committee to adopt preferential policies to raise loan capital, prolong the maturity period and exempt or reduce loan interest rates for poor ethnic minority households.
Vinh Thanh District promotes the development of high-quality beef cow breeding towards sustainability, creating goods value
resting up
I'm going to a meeting at the town hall later.
Invite each other,
Daddy rubbed Add's head and said,
schoolgirls
Mr. (Mrs.) named in Article 1 and the inspected units and households shall be responsible for the implementation of this Decision from the date of signing.
The fields of education, culture, health care of the people have also been strongly implemented in the highland communes of this mountainous district.
The more you burn, the more you burn the forest.
Annual budget allocations from localities, ministries and branches for capital construction investment in education and training (for project management, consultancy and other expenditures): VND 10,800 million.
Article 1. Scope of regulation
The Office of the provincial People's Committee shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Office of the provincial Party Committee, the Department of Culture and Sports, the Department of Tourism and concerned branches in:
From now to the end of 2019, Commune Party Committees shall continue to direct grassroots-level organizations to properly conduct self-criticism and self-criticism according to the three contents of the Resolution of the 4th plenum of the 12th Party Central Committee, in association with the implementation of the Politburo's Directive No. 05 on stepping up the study and observance of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style.
Cabbage, cabbage, Swiss chard, sweet pepper, white radish, lettuce... Pests and preventive measures under the integrated pest management program IPM; Methods of monitoring plants and field diary recording; Food safety and hygiene in safe vegetable production; Hazards when using pesticides and the principle of using pesticides in safe vegetable cultivation
Daddy, I...
Due to the impact of Storm No. 5, in Vinh Thanh district in the evening of October 30, there was heavy rain and heavy winds,
Harvest time: Around the last week of June to the middle of July, when the fruit bunch is checked for ripeness (purple).
To prevent this situation, Vinh Thanh District Forest Protection Department has proposed a number of solutions to prevent deforestation in the area.
Programs, projects and policies in ethnic minority and mountainous areas have brought practical effects, helping poor and near-poor households have conditions to rise in life.
cold wind 
vun (original) 
After sowing for 20 days, apply the remaining fertilizer (1/2 Urea, 5 kg KCl) in combination with root tillage.
Many national cultural values have been preserved and promoted to enrich the cultural life of grassroots people; the system of grassroots cultural institutions continues to be maintained and developed, contributing to raising the people's cultural enjoyment level.
To examine dossiers and conduct field evaluation of the satisfaction of criteria for accreditation of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages by organizations and individuals applying for accreditation.
Forest products: Consumption of forest products and non-timber forest products; processing of forest products and non-timber forest products.
The rate of households using electricity will reach over 90%; 90% of population areas with ethnic minority people will have convenient roads.
Vietnamese Fatherland Front of districts shall direct grassroots Fatherland Front to integrate and propagate the movement of protecting national security, ensuring mountain security, preventing and fighting crimes and social evils, protecting the environment, responding to climate change and ensuring traffic safety.
The value of commercial production and services is estimated at VND 421,480 million, reaching 42.6% of the plan, up 19.6% over the same period.
Some are hundreds of meters long.
To date, the association has coordinated with the district Socialist Bank to disburse over VND 106 billion, lending to 2,527 members to invest in production development.
Recently, the district Forest Protection Department has strengthened the propagation and guidance to the people the technical process of planting and caring forests, technical guidance to transform small timber forests into large timber trees, technical planting non-timber forest products under the forest canopy.
Despite a lot of difficulties, the young teacher remains enthusiastic about the human planting career.
Ten years ago, uncle Nam's family, like many other Barnabas, was not a prosperous one.
With funding contributed by donors, the provincial Red Cross gave Le Thi Tha's family, An Phuoc village, VND 50 million from the support of Big C Supermarket System and Mr. Dinh Luong Ham's household in M2 Village, Vinh Thinh Commune, VND 40 million from the support of Binh Dinh Petroleum Company to build houses.
It is known that by the end of 2019, the rate of poor households in Vinh Hao commune decreased to 41.27%, down 5.74% over the same period.
The training course is also an opportunity for farmers to exchange, share experiences and be consulted to answer difficulties and problems in reality.
- The 6 - level foreign language proficiency framework applicable to Vietnam or certificates of ethnic minority language proficiency, for working positions requiring the use of ethnic minority languages;
Emulation movements at the grassroots level attract many members, unionists and people to participate in such campaigns as "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", "Build a clean five-star and three-star family", "Companion with the youth in establishing themselves and their careers", "Volunteer for community life", "peasant emulation for good production and business", etc., contributing to raising people's living standards and reducing the rate of poor households according to the set annual targets.
Continue to plant all types of shallow crops according to the plan
Article 5. Tasks of assigned agencies
Incense
Name of the project, investor, form of investment 
echoing 
timely,
Well, it depends. The strongest buffalo can plow a lot.
To incorporate drowning prevention and control contents into education programs in schools, especially intensive implementation of swimming teaching activities and drowning prevention and control skills.
With many forms to serve for health training, strong national self-esteem in the youth and students.
a notebook,
Secretary: Ms. Cu Thi Ngoc Phuong, Deputy Head of Department of Science and Education - Van Commune, Office of the Provincial People's Committee
I went to the market.
Agriculture - forestry and fisheries: 5.9%; industry - handicrafts: 29.7%; trade - services and tourism: 19.1%.
Root cabinets and soil cover: Root cabinets for young cashew trees have the effect of moisturizing, regulating soil temperature, limiting weeds and providing some nutrients when the cabinet material rots. Can use many cabinet materials taken from elsewhere to or from the leaves of cashew trees and hay in place.
Regarding the knitting contest. Secondary school: the first prize is awarded to the 9A2 class, the second prize to the 7A1 class and the third prize to the 8A1 class; High school: the first prize is awarded to the 10A3 class, the second prize to the 11A3 class and the third prize is awarded to the 12A class.
The central budget's support funds.
Accordingly, Party Executive Committees of districts continue to promote internal resources, pay attention to directing economic development, investment in production development, capital construction, ensuring social security, political stability, effective prevention and combat of crimes and social evils.
pickles,
Vinh Son commune sets out the goal of striving to complete the system of roads of villages and hamlets; the system of intra-field irrigation of the concentrated production areas; building, strengthening and developing the system of cultural institutions, improving the quality of the movement of cultured families, cultured villages, preserving and promoting the cultural identity of the nation, contributing to the implementation of the objectives of socio-economic development of the commune.
Over the course of 6 months of implementation, environmental pollution has been gradually overcome, village roads have become more and more spacious, clean and beautiful, and people's awareness of environmental protection has been raised.
Because Joel's the youngest, I don't have to bring a potty.
Cause: Phytoplasma (bacterial cells) causes. Phytoplasma disease spreads mainly through two pathways: Hom breeding and disease-transmitting environment of Hishimonus phycitis Distant. 
The total forest area contracted for protection in the commune is 6, 910.96 ha, of which the forest area contracted under Resolution 30a is 5, 242.96 ha and the forest area contracted under the JICA2 project is 1, 668 ha.
In general, the housing support for policy beneficiaries and people with meritorious services to the country in the district is ensured, the beneficiaries of housing support have living places to ensure excitement.
Arrangement of forces, means and medical equipment in service at the locations where the festival activities take place.
Grapes are woody vines, so in the process of caring for grapes, it is necessary to make a vine.
Receiving applications, processing applications and notifying results of notification of advertisements in Quy Nhon city;
Where's your house?
On the morning of 2.1.2020, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a conference to evaluate the performance of local defense and military tasks in 2019, issued a Resolution on leadership in the implementation of tasks in 2020
Fruit rot: The disease appears when the fruit is near harvest, the level of harm is not much, it is necessary to remove the whole bunch to avoid spreading.
To advise provincial People's Committees on public - private cooperation in the performance of marine economic development tasks.
Especially through national target programs and ethnic minority policies, essential infrastructure in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas are interested in investment.
Time of inspection: from 07/4/2014 to 25/4/2014. 
Provincial Military Command, Provincial Public Security, Departments of Planning and Investment, Finance, Home Affairs, Information and Communications, Science and Technology, Agriculture and Rural Development 
On November 27, the Program Coordination Office of Binh Dinh Province organized a training course to improve the capacity of officials of villages and residential clusters in Vinh Thanh district.
- To convene, preside over and conclude meetings of the whole Council.
To organize forces close to grassroots areas and key routes, ensuring rural security, economic security and cultural and ideological security.
Ms. Phan My Huong, Officer, Department of Organization and Personnel.
To launch environmental disinfectant sprayers to prevent and combat animal epidemics at peak periods and mobilize breeders to maintain the regular implementation of this work.
Establish a set of images and brochures on education, culture, economy, society, etc. of Vietnamese ethnic groups in Binh Dinh province.
Teachers and parents are delighted to welcome a practical, meaningful and fun opening ceremony for students
This is an opportunity for artisans to share and exchange experience in restoring, teaching and promoting the unique gong art of their nation; create a joyful atmosphere of solidarity.
She went on and on, calling out to her sister, but no one answered.
The Children's Council shall operate according to the regulation promulgated by the Children's Council on the basis of the approval of the competent authorities.
By 2030, Nhon Hoi economic zone will have an occupancy rate of 70% according to set targets, with the following specific tasks:
Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs 
The anti-erosion embankment of Kôn river in Vinh Thanh town has a length of nearly 2.5km from Ha Ron bridge to Dinh Binh bridge with the aim of restoring production, protecting the safety of people's lives and property, minimizing risks caused by natural disasters, preventing river erosion, stabilizing the flow and increasing the flood drainage capacity of Koon river section through Vinh Thanh town.
To restructure agriculture, forestry and fisheries in the direction of gradually reducing and increasing the proportions of trade, services, industries and handicrafts.
infirmary
Thanks to the effective integration of the State's support programs and projects, along with the propagation and encouragement of people to self-reliance in life,
young girls,
younger sister
to tell,
Methods of investigation, survey and data collection
glowing,
In order to timely produce the first safe vegetable crop according to VIETGAP standards on an expanded area of 2 hectares of the newly established "mutual interests" group of Vinh Son commune, the district's technical team has focused on guiding farmers how to make soil, make beds, fertilize, build irrigation systems and protective fences with B40 mesh.
aunt,
Through the propaganda and consultancy sessions, workers are informed about the industries, domestic enterprises that need to recruit workers and potential markets for labor export such as Japan, Korea, Taiwan...
On 7.5, Agricultural Service Center of Vinh Thanh district organized a training course on breeding herbal chickens for 30 farmers in Vinh Thanh town.
Sesame planting techniques
LIM
Along with the coordination of functional branches, organizing many training programs to transfer new scientific and technical advances in production and animal husbandry for members.
Mr. Tran Van Quy, Director of Department of Education and Training - Standing Committee;
The activities of the Party Central Committee, socio-political organizations and mass organizations have been increasingly renewed in their organization and operation, stepping up patriotic emulation movements in the localities.
The success of the organization of the Party congress of Vinh Thuan commune has important significance in the organization of the Party congress in the remaining communes and townships.
take,
arm span 
Monthly
Breeds and breeding work: 
However, by the right decisions of the district leaders and the determination of the people, in recent years, the economic and social life of this highland district has changed significantly.
On the basis of the determination of the local budget,
water foam
stalking
The implementation of programs and projects, particularly the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies in Vinh Thanh district, has always had good coordination among all levels and branches in the implementation process.
locked up chick
As a result, the socio-economic situation of ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district has seen a marked change.
In particular, focus on some objectives and targets such as: The average economic growth rate increased by 14.9%; strive to raise the average per capita income to 20 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households annually reduced from 6 to 7%; the rate of rural laborers trained over 40%; budget revenues increased by 8% or more; annually, 20% of Party members achieved clean and strong or more, no weak members; the rate of admission of Party members annually reached 5-6% of the total number of Party members.
feeding buffaloes 
specials
Article 3. Contents of assignment and decentralization
Provincial Economic Zone Management Board 
The 6th grade homeroom teachers are always close, encouraging the children to get used to and get in touch with the new environment to create a friendly feeling in the new learning environment.
Leaves on branches are yellowed and fall off gradually along with the phenomenon of drying of the branch. At first the disease spots appear on the shell is white after turning pink. The disease usually attacks the shell where the branch excrement. Spores gradually spread down the root with running water. 
To continue raising the awareness and responsibility of Party Committees, Party Sub-Committees, cadres and Party members for Party building, thoroughly grasping Directives, Resolutions, programs, schemes and guidance of superior Party Committees on Party building, focusing on the Resolution of the 4th and 6th plenums of the 12th Party Central Committee and Directive No. 05 of the Political Bureau.
The Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism shall take charge and cooperate with competent authorities and local governments in planning the system of furnaces in the province.
cuckold
Total Capital Needs
Bedbugs wax: Spray one of the drugs such as: SK Enspray, DC-Tron Plus, Map Permethrin, Wimax 
Form of investment: Direct investment.
All over the place.
The selection, classification and preservation of vegetables at the point of collection before transportation for consumption as well as knowledge of traceability are food safety to protect and strengthen the belief of consumers.
In case of necessity, to authorize the Council's vice-chairman to settle affairs falling under his/her competence.
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall strictly implement the following contents :
Regarding the significance, importance and objectives to be achieved of gender equality and prevention of violence against women and girls
daddy,
Hurry up.
Strawberry
Strengthening communication on PBGDPL;
- To coordinate with the Office of the provincial People's Committee in drawing up the list of delegates and guests;
(Grass own script) 
Who's there?
In general, the irrigation system in Binh Dinh province has basically met the water demand for rice production, people's life and aquaculture.
coldness,
The growing season had come, and today Mr. Ba went down to the market to buy another machete. Going through the market one at a time, he stopped at the seller with the most machetes. The seller asked him:
What are you knitting for?
For households: The support level is the same as that for extra-small enterprises.
Fisheries sector 
How about a split like this?
Choose a variety, short-term color and suitable dry conditions
In life skills education, the team focuses on forming for students many life skills that they lack, in which special attention is paid to the group of self-management skills, including: emotional mastery skills, stress prevention, overcoming anxiety and fear, overcoming anger, time management, positive rest, healthy entertainment.
The provincial People's Committees shall direct: In order to perform the land management in each locality under the Prime Minister's direction, the district People's Committees should take initiative in working out solutions, striving to increase the annual collection of land use levy and land rent by 10% of the total annual land rent and land use levy for the performance of tasks under the Prime Minister's direction.
VBSP 
Previously the house was big and long. There were hundreds of meters long. Now it's small. Each house is usually seven meters long — eight meters wide, three or four meters high, four — five meters high, the floor is one meter and a half from the ground.
Along with the septic toilet system, domestic wastewater also flows to the sewer, pond and lake, gradually soaking into the groundwater.
Lower
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 98/2010/ND-CP dated September 21,2010 on guidelines for the Law on Cultural Heritage and the Law on amendments to the Law on Cultural Heritage;
To coordinate with the Agricultural Service Center in providing rabies vaccination for dogs and cats raised in their localities under regulations.
To bring into play these positive results, in the 2020-2025 term, Vinh Thuan commune Party Committee has proposed many specific socio-economic development solutions close to the actual situation and conditions in the locality, contributing to raising incomes and living standards for people.
lifetime
Waste after collection has not been properly treated, only stopped at burning garbage, causing air pollution.
not floating,
subtract 
Provincial Public Security 
Is it far?
Accordingly, in Vinh Son commune will organize sales at 4 points including: Village K2; K4; K8 and Village K8 and Suoi Cat.
milled (rice) 
Benefits of participating in the Children's Council
Especially through national target programs and ethnic minority policies, essential infrastructure in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas are interested in investment.
Here, farmers participating in the model are supported with 15 thousand breeding fish and food.
Chief of Office of the provincial People's Committee, Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development, Natural Resources and Environment, Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns, cities and heads of relevant agencies and units shall implement this Decision from the date of signing.
Directive on implementation of the Government's Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP dated June 09,2015 on credit policies for agricultural and rural development in Binh Dinh province.
When Min Temür was frightened, he said,
rowing (boat) 
To promulgate a number of mechanisms and policies on development of dwelling houses for lease to students of universities, colleges, professional secondary schools and vocational schools;
Buttons
Along with that, the association built a collective economic model in Dinh Nhat branch, thereby contributing to improving production efficiency in the association organization.
Mr. Phan Truong Son - Deputy Political Commissar of the Provincial Border Guard Command;
To direct professional sections and People's Committees of communes, wards and townships in their localities in implementing the Scheme strictly according to their assigned responsibilities.
Many kinds: deer, gibbons, wild pigs, monkeys...
Part 3: Traditional martial arts - Convergence and development. 
Through the inspection, the borrowing households used the capital for the right purpose, bringing economic efficiency.
Before flowering, prune the sprouts in the fruiting branches, retaining 8 leaves. The secondary sprouts growing in the leaf axils leave only 1 sprout at the top of the branch, the remaining sprouts pruned off, retaining only 2 - 3 leaves. 
In which, 30% of the approved construction and installation value, for communes benefiting from the Program on support for quick and sustainable poverty reduction in 61 poor districts (called Program 30a);
From 2.4 to now, the COVID-19 control checkpoint in Go Lei has controlled, measured body temperature, made health declaration and travel history of 3,270 people, including 15 cases returning from the epidemic zone, 14 cases requested to be quarantined at home; sprayed antiseptic for 30 cars.
Especially the Night of the Opening, the Closing of the Festival.
Organizing the Launching Ceremony of the Action Month at the provincial and district levels
Housing support for people with meritorious services to the revolution is one of the social security policies with profound humanitarian significance, demonstrating the Party's and the State's interest in families with meritorious services to the revolution.
It can be seen that through the support programs of the State, the lives of ethnic minority people in the district have had many successes.
To direct the Aquatic Resource Exploitation and Protection Sub-Department in summing up lists of fishing ships registering for regular fishing or fishing service provision in remote sea areas.
The sun had risen above the cinnamon in the garden.
Recently, through the implementation of the production development support project under Program 135, a number of localities in the district have focused on supporting sustainable activities such as supporting machinery, equipment, livestock breeds and fruit tree varieties, building advanced and highly economical production development models.
Therefore, every year, the health station and the Population and Family Planning Board of Vinh Kim commune always coordinate with mass organizations such as the Women's Union, Farmers' Union, War Veterans' Union and the Youth Union in integrating the propagation of things men need to do to help their wives when their wives are pregnant such as taking their wives for pregnancy examination at least 3 times at the medical establishment; doing heavy work on their wives' behalf; preparing means to take their wives to medical establishments when their wives are in labor.
mom,
When the field surface is not flat, it is necessary to take measures to flatten the field surface, creating favorable conditions for water drainage.
Division of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs of the district coordinates with the delegation to organize fun activities for children such as organizing the Festival of children who love folklore; the Moon Festival Night at the Center of Culture, Sports and Tourism of the district and giving 200 gifts to children in the district.
Convenient transportation will open up opportunities for people in this highland commune to trade in goods, develop production and improve living standards.
At the ceremony, the delegates spent solemn moments of mourning, expressing deep gratitude to the heroes and martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the cause of national liberation and unification.
K6 Village Women's Association is a typical
Light: Cashews prefer full light and fruit at the tip of the branch, so the plants alone or planted with appropriate density, ensuring adequate lighting plants for quite high yields. During the flowering period, more light is required. On average, cashews need about 2,000 hours of sunshine / year.
At the end of vaccination, the veterinary forces of the commune had vaccinated 180 chickens and 2,920 ducks with avian influenza, reaching 100% 
He entered the house and found his mother lying in bed.
To restore historical - cultural relics and scenic places as assigned by directors of provincial - level Culture. Sports and Tourism Departments and prescribed by law.
Advise provincial People's Committees on annual rice prices for use as a basis for providing monetary supports under Point b, Clause 1, Article 4 of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg.
starts,
Surgery
black cams
Pursuant to Joint Circular No. 14/2015/TTLT-BNNPTNT-BNV dated March 25,2015 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Ministry of Home Affairs;
Article 2. The Department of Natural Resources and Environment shall take charge and cooperate with relevant agencies, People's Committees of districts in organizing the implementation.
In the 2009 - 2011 period: On the basis of the available ground, the already prepared designs can be immediately deployed for the construction of around 20, 000 m2 of floor space, with an investment capital of around VND 93, 600 million, including:
clench (hand) 
Regarding the assignment and decentralization of the specialized examination, supervision and inspection of food safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products under the management of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
In order to solve the problems of voters, the provincial People's Committee has directed the People's Committees of Vinh Thanh and Tay Son districts to proactively inspect and balance the local budget to organize the formulation of investment projects as prescribed: In case of large construction investment funds beyond the balancing capacity of the locality, a written report shall be sent to the provincial People's Committee for consideration and support.
Thus, the program has been implemented quite synchronously, rhythmically and closely, thus changing and transforming awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of the poor, effectively receiving and using policies and support resources of the State and the community to escape poverty and rise up.
overlap,
The list of projects must be agreed upon by the Agriculture and Rural Development, Planning and Investment and Finance branches and submitted to the provincial People's Committees for approval before October 30 according to the annual plans.
Mass media boards at all levels shall promptly advise Party Committees on directing the performance of mass media tasks.
To submit to the director of the provincial - level Culture, Sports and Tourism Department for approval and organize the implementation of this Decision.
Vinh Thuan Commune Health Station takes good care of people's health
Implementing the movement "Women with a green - clean - beautiful environment, self-governing lane on environmental sanitation", the Women's Union of Vinh Kim commune has mobilized 90% of its members to clean village roads, hamlet alleys and build self-governing roads for environmental sanitation.
Provincial-level departments, sectors, mass organizations and People's Committees at all levels shall implement this Circular according to their responsibilities and management scope.
Mix the entire amount of manure above with the top layer of soil, then put it on the bottom of the hole, then fill the soil into a mound 15 – 20 cm high from the surface of the hole. Peel a small hole and place the gourd and fill the soil tightly.
Currently, Vinh Thinh commune is actively implementing vaccination with the motto to each alley, knocking on each door to ensure the implementation of the plan that Vinh Thanh district has set out.
Members of the Advisory Board:
Deployment of preparations at venues for competitions, performances and exchanges.
Mr. Vo Van Nhon in Vinh Hao Commune is one of the seniors in cage fish farming on Dinh Binh Irrigation Lake.
National defense and security are maintained; political security and social order and safety are ensured.
noiseless
Along with that, the Party building is also promoted attention 
Fertilizer/ha: 8-10 tons of rotten manure or 2,500 kg of manure + 600 kg of superphosphate + 420-450 kg of urea nitrogen + 180-200 kg of potassium chloride + 500 kg of lime powder.
This is a new teaching method, which has been applied by Ms. Ha since 2017 and highly appreciated by the Initiative Council of the provincial Department of Education and Training.
And organize activities on the occasion of "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" according to the contents specified in this Framework Program.
Do you have any free time?
Not yet.
pcs (chopsticks) 
Pursuant to the November 15, 2010 Law on Public Employees;
crawl away,
The grassroots congresses all take place in an atmosphere of excitement, promoting democracy, solidarity and high consensus among cadres and Party members.
Beneficiaries may choose to apply the most beneficial incentive and support policies.
To request provincial-level services, departments, branches, mass organizations and People's Committees of districts and cities in the province to take the initiative in formulating programs and plans on:
Here, the delegation visited some agricultural and forestry production models in Vinh Son commune such as:
To concentrate on directing production to ensure harvest schedules and crop structures suitable to climate and soil conditions of each region.
over thirty families,
At the same time, to properly implement poverty reduction policies such as loan support, vocational training in association with job creation, widespread application of effective poverty reduction models, etc.
ploughing
facials 
Pruning period: Prune branches from January to February, when the temperature is stable at 120C for 4 - 5 days.
Others
In the course of implementation, she regularly monitors, urges and supports the associations in the implementation, especially the targets of the People's Fund, membership fees, registration of farmers with good production and business at all levels, building advanced models.
These are the typical traditional martial arts studios of each locality, representing the existing martial arts lines in Binh Dinh province.
The Steering Committee shall elaborate and implement a plan on development of the local education program of Binh Dinh province under the guidance of the Ministry of Education and Training.
Mr. Cao Van Binh, Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training;
off 
To build, repair and upgrade 14 rural daily-life water supply plants with a total capacity of 46,700 m3/day and night;
To foster human resources in service of the cause of provincial industrialization and modernization.
Currently, the associations are entrusting 11 loan programs with total outstanding debt of over 115 billion VND in 62 credit institutions to 3,097 households.
Deputy Directors shall assist Director of Relics Management Board in charge of one or some working fields of the Management Board as assigned by the Director.
rocking,
dear,
Therefore, the Party Committees and the local administrations should step in and closely direct the people to clearly see their responsibility in protecting the environment in particular and in building a new countryside in general.
The soil of citrus must be improved regularly, annually supplemented with microbiological organic fertilizers, lime powder, phosphorus to improve the soil (pH > 5.5) and roots of citrus.
Currently, farmers in the commune are concentrating on making soil to promptly sow the summer crop to ensure the production plan of the commune has set out.
With Dinh Van Luong's family in Kon Tolok village, Vinh Thinh commune, the attention of the Party and the State made him really touched.
To select practical topics for the implementation of Vietnam National Day of Ethnic Culture in each year.
These days, Thanh Tuan Co., Ltd. is completing the last stages of repair, upgrading and expansion of DT 637 route from km 58 to km 62 with a total investment of over 9 billion VND.
Over the past time, Dinh Tam rural residential area officials and people have joined together in well implementing the contents of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city", the campaign "Day for the poor", "Gratitude to the people", etc. The people have well observed the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws.
In addition, the movement of all people protecting the public security in the district continues to be promoted, attracting a large number of officials and people in the localities to participate, arousing the strength and great potential of the people in the prevention and repression of crime.
Preparation of reserve supplies for dike maintenance
For production of shallow crops, tillage shall be carried out in December 2019.
This is because from the beginning the Party Committee, the commune People's Committee has focused on implementing the targets in the national target program to build a new countryside.
hunting,
The team has conducted psychological counseling work with various contents, paying special attention to health issues, law, population, reproductive health care for adolescents, gender equality, social evils, friendship and love issues.
old-fashioned
Execution process
Create level 3 branches: Level 3 branches are branches that produce fruit and bring fruit to the next year. These branches must be controlled so that they do not intersect and arranged in different directions to help the plant photosynthesis is good. 
At the meeting to implement the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in 2019, Chairman of the People's Committee of Le Van Dau district, Head of the Steering Committee for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in 2019 of Vinh Thanh district requested the relevant units and the People's Committees of communes and townships to closely follow the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue of the district to develop and strengthen the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue for their units and localities; inspect, review and assess the quality of irrigation works in the area and have plans to repair damaged and degraded works; review and inventory materials, means and equipment for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue.
slack
The heads of the provincial services, branches and mass organizations, the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts and cities and the concerned agencies and units shall have to implement this Decision.
Floating
At the same time, the functional branches shall also expeditiously work out solutions to overcome difficulties and limitations so that the programs and projects implemented in the people's areas can bring about the highest efficiency, quickly fulfill the objectives of the programs and projects.
Mrs. Six is a hard worker. In her spare time she often goes to get firewood. There is a lot of firewood in her house. Today she went to the market to sell firewood. A young man asked:
the way to,
Commune Farmers' Associations shall coordinate with Party Committees and local administrations in organizing many activities such as: Responding to the National Week of Clean Water and Environmental Sanitation, the World Water Day, the World Environment Day, the campaign to make the world cleaner under the theme of each year.
exchange (shirt) 
In addition, every year, the district also supports the households with special difficulties to borrow capital for production development from the Social Policy Bank of the district, to have investment capital for economic development.
Prepare documents related to the content of the meeting.
So they didn't put out the fire?
Promulgated together with the Government's Decree No. 39, showing the Party's and State's interest in poor ethnic minority women who give birth to children under the population policy.
Every year, the Association organizes for women to study 3 contents of the emulation movement "Women actively study, creatively work, build happy families" and mobilizes its members to follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh by specific jobs.
On November 26, Vinh Thanh district allocated 60,135 kilograms (kg) of rice to support people with non-productive rice land due to the summer-autumn drought in 2019 for 5 communes in the district under Decision No. 4149 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee on the allocation of rice from the central support source, to support households with non-productive rice land due to the summer-autumn drought in 2019.
Besides, the implementation of the Regulation on grassroots democracy continues to be well observed and implemented by Party Committees at all levels, building a coordinative relationship between administrations, sectors, the Fatherland Front and mass organizations in propagating, mobilizing and coordinating the settlement of problems arising among people.
digging (earth) 
She looked up and saw a giant python in front of her, and its eyes were bright.
In addition, every year, she also rents 3-5 hectares of her relatives in the village to plant short-term trees.
Thanks to these positive measures, in 2019 in the commune, there were no cases of children born as the third child or older, while in 2018 there were 3 cases.
BVTV
The successes that she has achieved have marked the beginning of her career, which is the foundation, the motivation for her to strive, to better her mission.
The house was started construction around July 2019. Over 3 months of deployment, the construction has been completed.
On November 12, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee issued a plan to propagate the Party congresses of all levels for the 2020 - 2025 term, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party. 
Provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments shall examine locally registered plans on areas for hybrid rice production to ensure efficient production.
In general, the activities of the Association create the consensus of the farmers' members and the population community; the attention and facilitation of the Party Committees, the authorities and the participation of the branches and mass organizations in the area for the activities of the Association.
State budget: VND 16,450 billion (accounting for 16%); including, development investment capital of VND 13,200 billion, non-business capital of VND 3,250 billion. Divided by stage:
From 19h30' to 19h55': Stabilize the order of delegations.
Which one,
Tuition fees for high-quality programs
Lo...
Sweet potatoes
Looking at the fruitful banana booth, he asked his father,
Bottles
Destructive
Vietnamese People's Front of Vinh Thanh district organized the Fair point of Great national unity in 2019 in Dinh Tam Village, Vinh Hao Commune
I am glad to answer: 
To step up learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in order to strengthen the national great unity bloc, build a clean and strong Party and political system to meet the requirements of the new revolutionary period.
screaming,
The fruit is oval in shape, easy to leave the stalk. The fruit shell is thick, dark purple, easy to separate from the fruit flesh. 
Inoculation tools include: wooden sticks, rods, alcohol 700. 
Objects and priority points in recruitment of public employees
Mr. Nguyen Thai Binh, Chief of the Office of the Provincial People's Committee;
This time there is often spring rain, high humidity, ensuring the rate of living cuttings, while reducing irrigation work on large areas.
Muffle
Typical children in learning, in exercising children's rights and Team activities, social work;
desires,
In the course of implementation, if any inappropriate or new contents arise, the concerned agencies, units, organizations and individuals shall promptly report them to the provincial / municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services for sum - up and submission to the provincial People's Committees for consideration and decision.
PBGDPL in schools and vocational education institutions, focusing on innovating contents and forms of teaching and learning law and citizen education subjects
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 2709/TTr-SNN dated September 28,2011,
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 86/2015/ND-CP dated October 02,2015;
The activities of the Front and associations in the district have seen many innovations in various forms of gathering, propagating and mobilizing people to well implement the Party's and State's undertakings in various fields.
How long have the Barnabas been here?
Fins
cracking,
Expose to sunlight or dry until moisture reaches 14%, then pack and store or hang in a cool and dry place.
Manage finance and assets as prescribed by law.
With the spirit of voluntarily donating soil and trees and contributing to the workday of road workers of members, farmers of Vinh Thanh district have become a movement that has a strong spread to the awareness and action of people throughout the district.
All enlisted youth meet the standards of education and health
The People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall organize the upgrading and repair of 6 rural clean water works with a total funding of VND 67 billion from the provincial and district budgets.
The specific contents of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style; the historical lessons of the Vietnamese revolution under the Party's leadership on the entire nation's great unity, building a clean and strong Party and political system; the issues raised on the entire nation's great unity, building a clean and strong Party and political system in the current situation; the application of Ho Chi Minh's ideology on the entire nation's great unity as a strategic line of the Vietnamese revolution, a great driving force and resource in the construction and defense of the Fatherland; building a clean and strong Party and political system, promoting the strength of the entire nation's great unity bloc; continuing to improve, concretize and institutionalize the Party's viewpoints and undertakings, the State's policies and laws; a number of specific tasks and solutions.
The economic life has developed, people have actively participated in contributing their efforts, joining hands to build a new countryside in the locality.
Yes. There are also Barnabas in Gia Lai, Kon Tum. Barnabas in Vinh Thanh are the same as Barnabas in Gia Lai, Kon Tum.
On the morning of October 9th, the Provincial Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee in collaboration with the Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh District held the launching ceremony of the model of a residential area for environmental protection and response to climate change in Village 6, Vinh Thuan Commune.
young,
less than.
- Assay for selection of new strains: VND 500 million, accounting for 1.1%;
The campaign "For dear brothers and sisters" and the emulation movement "Build friendly schools, active students" promoted have produced positive results.
call each other,
Please, please.
The value of the total local product is estimated to increase by 14.5% on average annually.
Provincial - level Natural Resources and Environment Departments shall guide localities in properly allocating or leasing land and creating conditions for organizations, households and individuals to lease land for investment in the development of beef cow farms.
The total number of mating cows with semen of Zebu and Drought master cattle in the period from 2015 to 2020 is 192, 500 head.
Sick people
Ticks
Over the years, the district People's Committee has institutionalized the viewpoints of the Party and the State, the Government and the Prime Minister have promulgated many guidelines and policies to cover the areas of ethnic minority and mountainous areas, socio-economic fields and specific policies for ethnic minority areas.
Regular activities of the Advisory Board:
Ta Suc industrial cluster attracts 10 enterprises registering for investment in production and business, of which 6 enterprises operate stably.
The festival not only introduces the traditional martial arts but also has programs to introduce and promote the traditional values of history, scenic spots, ecological tourism, historical places.
Naked Teens
Located in the East of Truong Son Mountains, the North borders Quang Ngai Province, the South borders Phu Yen Province, the West borders Gia Lai Province, the East borders the East Sea.
The congress has promoted the spirit of solidarity and unity of party members in the village branches, performed well the role of leading the people to socio-economic development, building a strong party and political system.
In addition, the association regularly supervises the deployment and implementation of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized cities", "Give solidarity to build a cultural life in residential areas" in villages.
In addition, the grassroots women's union also coordinates with local authorities to continue implementing the project of 5 million mothers raising good children; the project of propagating and educating the ethical qualities of Vietnamese women in the period of accelerating the country's industrialization and modernization; the project of supporting women to start up.
Not only looking forward to the support of the State, the people of Vinh Thanh today have promoted the spirit of self-reliance, strive to rise up, effectively use the support of the State.
This is an opportunity for artisans to share and exchange experience in restoring, teaching and promoting the unique gong art of their nation; create a joyful atmosphere of solidarity.
Counting vessels entering and leaving ports and reporting thereon to the provincial-level Command Centers for Natural Disaster Management and their superiors.
son-in-law
To well implement the Ordinance on Grassroots Democracy, promote the role of social supervision and criticism of the Party Central Committee and mass organizations, and build a great unity of the entire people.
Thereby, the prestige and position of the CCB is also increasingly confirmed.
The total volume of goods through seaports reaches 20 million tons/year.
bite,
Pursuant to the Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW dated October 22,2018 of the 12th Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam on the strategy for sustainable development of Vietnam's marine economy by 2030 with a vision towards 2045;
Report the inspection result to the branch of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies for submission to the People's Committee of the province.
faster,
The locality has deployed the construction of 27 essential works for production and people's life with a total construction cost of over VND 12.9 billion.
To build Quy Nhon - Thi Nai wharf area, a general wharf area with a specialized container wharf for ships with a deadweight tonnage of up to 50.000 tonnes and a specialized wharf for ships with a deadweight tonnage of 5.000 - 10.000 tonnes.
The district People's Committee has issued a plan to support the eradication of poverty for households with meritorious services to the revolution belonging to multidimensional poor households for the period 2019-2020.
Forestry: The percentage of seedlings supplied for afforestation with their origins controlled reaches 95%.
I ran to get her some water from the spring.
Then water sparsely depending on the humidity of the row. Stop watering before harvesting 7 - 10 days to increase the quality of grapes, making the fruit not softened after harvest. 
Conceptualization
To coordinate with concerned units in inspecting and supervising the implementation of the Scheme.
Together with Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Member of Provincial Party Committee, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee
Focus on implementation from the bottom up (from villages, hamlets, neighborhoods to communes, wards, townships, districts, cities, provinces to the central government) 
burden blow 
saddle 
Operational mode of the Council 
I bought this bundle. When will you get the firewood?
Over the past years, Vinh Hao commune has proposed many synchronous solutions to shorten the poverty reduction roadmap, promote economic development, constantly improve the material, cultural and spiritual life of the people, maintain security and social order and safety.
Over the past years, with the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has formulated and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas in association with hunger eradication and poverty alleviation with the motto of focusing on mobilizing resources for socio-economic development, especially investment in socio-economic infrastructure development in mountainous areas.
Traditional craft villages in Binh Dinh province (hereinafter referred to as the Council) and tasks of the Council members.
Prepare the soil for planting: After the soil inspection, exclude the places with too thin topsoil or too much rock, poorly drained soil or soil with other adverse factors and proceed to clean up the wild vegetation on the entire land plot of the cashew orchard.
New Year's Day
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Justice Departments in, guiding the non-collection of the fee for authentication of asset mortgage contracts and the fee for registration of security transactions under Clause 4, Article 9 of Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP.
Investment capital source: The remaining capital after exploitation and thinning of protection plantation forests
Violence is against the law.
- Borrowing preferential credit loans or offsetting interest rates according to regulations;
Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station:
Commune Committees
cheerful,
Dig the hole with a hoe.
Renovation of schools and classrooms, environmental sanitation, implementation of compensatory teaching to ensure the learning program after natural disasters.
To build co-operatives, co-operative groups, clubs and groups with cow breeding interests on the basis of voluntary participation and cooperation among households in cow production and trading.
Disbursement Progress
Dedication to the Party
VND 500, 000, 000; VND 871, 000, 000 for the 2020 provincial budget's scheme on enhancement of food safety quality control capacity for agricultural, forest and fishery products in Binh Dinh province during 2017 - 2020, with orientations toward 2030.
Pursuant to the Law on Promulgation of legislative documents dated June 22, 2015 
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities and heads of relevant agencies and units shall implement this Decision.
Mom took him to the clothing store. There were so many beautiful clothes there, he looked at them. Mom bought him a pair of blue pants and a yellow shirt. He liked it.
In April 2020, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh District cooperated with the Bank for Social Policies and the Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development to disburse 193 households loans with the amount of VND 8.3 billion, increasing the total outstanding debt by over VND 145 billion.
To restructure agriculture, forestry and fisheries in the direction of gradually reducing and increasing the proportions of trade, services, industries and handicrafts.
ticks,
To work out plans on organization of congresses of Party cells and branches; to properly prepare personnel for Party committees in strict accordance with their statutes, regulations and regulations. From there, to create a high unity of will and action, to lead and direct the preparation work in all aspects in order to successfully organize congresses of the Party at all levels toward the XIIIth National Congress of the Party and well perform political tasks of localities and units.
At the end of the conference, National Assembly deputy Dang Hoai Tan acknowledged and absorbed the opinions of voters, and promised to transfer these petitions to the authorities for settlement as soon as possible within his powers.
xum xuê,
The buffalo stabbing ceremony
Fruit cracking: Grape fruit cracking occurs during the time when the fruit is large and about to ripen, greatly affecting the yield and qualities of grapes.
People with Disabilities
Quy Nhon People's Committee: 
Firewood
Coordination in implementing Project 1.
swallowing
Decision No. 619/QD-TTg, Decision No. 14/2019/QD-TTg dated March 13,2019 
Restrictions and causes 
early morning,
Accordingly, each house of great solidarity will be supported VND 40 million for new construction, of which the provincial Fatherland Front will support VND 30 million for each house; the Central Socialist Bank will support VND 50 million for one house; the remaining amount and houses will be supported by the district Fatherland Front.
Developing cottage industries and rural trades in the direction of making full use of the potential and strengths of the locality; improving the effectiveness of the management of capital construction investment; strengthening the management and protection of forests, preventing and fighting forest fires; continuing to invest in infrastructure of industrial clusters; enhancing the effective management and administration of financial and state budget activities; paying attention to the management of natural resources and environmental protection; taking the initiative in natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue; improving the quality of education and training, prioritizing the development of education in ethnic minority areas; paying attention to health, population and health care for the people; promoting propaganda and organizing activities to ensure the cultural and spiritual life for the people; strengthening national defense and security, ensuring order, safety and society, improving the effectiveness and efficiency of inspection and law enforcement; at the same time promoting administrative reform, organizing the implementation of the movement of patriotic emulation
(tree) grows up 
the evening,
Vinh Hao Commune People's Committee and Dinh Tam Village Residential Area also organized to award certificates of merit to 8 households that achieved the title of excellent cultural family and signed emulation covenants, launching emulation movements in 2020.
Have computer skills meeting standards of using information technology as prescribed in Circular No. 03/2014/TT-BTTTT dated March 11,2014 of the Ministry of Information and Communications.
bend,
It's been a long time. It'll take a month.
And "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" in Binh Dinh in particular to respond to the ceremony announced on April 19, 2009 organized by the Central. 
LDTB&XH
Strengthening the capacity to protect security, social order and safety, law enforcement on the sea and coastal areas in the province. 
Sweeping floods and landslides often occur in the mountainous communes of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim
shells
Crops (industrial plants, fruit trees, vegetables and food crops); 
Waste collection and treatment is one of the important factors in maintaining rural environmental sanitation
firefly,
Women and girls have the courage to speak up when they are abused.
put in 
In order to accelerate the progress of national targets on building a new countryside, the Party Committee and People's Committee of Vinh Hiep commune have propagated and mobilized people to launch the movement "Join hands to build a new countryside", mobilizing organizations and individuals to donate to the movement to build a new countryside.
Through surveying and evaluating the current situation, Vinh Thuan commune has achieved 10/19 criteria of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside.
Plough soil depth 15-20 cm, harrow thoroughly several times. Make the soil very small and clean grass, then proceed to the bed. Up the bed 15-20cm high, 1.5-2.5m wide bed, 30-35cm wide trench for good drainage, the bed face turtle back. 
All right, then.
To apply synchronous measures to raise the capacity of seed management from the central to local levels.
Strong infrastructure investment has changed the face of rural and mountainous areas in ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district, the rate of poor households by the end of 2019 decreased to 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to the previous year.
Fourth,
Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School organized the competition of brocade weaving and knitting among students in 2019.
Saints
gunpowder,
Knowledge and skills to prevent sexual abuse and violence against women and children for parents, family members, persons in charge of gender equality and child protection and care
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003;
As a result, the local economy annually grows fairly; social security is ensured, the average rate of poor households annually decreases from 3-5%; cultural, health and educational development is gradually developed; political security, social order and safety are maintained; political system operates effectively and effectively.
People's Committees of communes, wards, townships and villages, hamlets and neighborhoods have specific, rich and creative activities.
leek (rice) 
cheating,
Go to a place of rest, and take out the seeds.
At the meeting, after listening to the National Assembly deputies presenting the results of the 8th session of the XIVth National Assembly, voters of Vinh Thinh commune proposed to the deputies a number of contents on the situation of ethnic minority children who have no jobs after graduation from school;
People need to actively reserve available food sources such as straw, corn stalks, noodle leaves, legumes... supplemented with refined food.
Secondary school teachers RankIII (Code: V.07.04.12): 
GDNN
- Having registration cards for recruitment;
People always unite to emulate labor and production, rise to enrich, join hands to implement the criteria of building a new countryside
At the same time, reviewing and making a list of subjects who are delayed youth, subjects with criminal records, and calling, asking, deterring, educating, signing commitments not to violate the law.
No, I just have a fever and a stomach ache.
The selection, classification and preservation of vegetables at the point of collection before transportation for consumption as well as knowledge of traceability are food safety to protect and strengthen the belief of consumers.
The most important measure is to have effective policies to create stable and long-term jobs for people.
In order to further study and follow Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in the coming time, especially the implementation of study subjects in 2020, the Party Committee of Vinh Hiep commune has formulated a plan for implementation, focusing on leading and promoting the combined strength of cadres, party members and the people in the course of performing tasks.
Currently, gasoline prices have fallen sharply but freights are still very high, making it difficult for people to travel and transport goods.
The traffic service teams shall regularly organize the propagation of the observance of the Law on Traffic Safety, Urban Order and Civilization by people; increase the incentives for inspection and handling of 1,131 violations with fines of over VND 336 million.
To enhance husbandry management, epidemic surveillance, vaccination and post-vaccination protection surveillance.
The material and spiritual life of the district is also being improved and improved.
With the meaning and importance of "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" requires practical and appropriate activities
The presidents of the provincial People's Committees shall propose the provincial People's Councils to gather and reflect the sentiments and aspirations of voters,
Tuition fee exemption and reduction for kindergarten children and high school pupils under the Government's Decree No. 49/2010/ND-CP of May 14,2010, and current guiding documents.
Participating in the study, the Party members have thoroughly grasped the theme of strengthening the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system according to Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style.
Recurrent expenditures on education for schools from preschool to high school converted
Drawing
Along with the propagation work, the institutional reform has been advised by the Department of Home Affairs to the district People's Committee to develop and issue regulations and operational regulations of specialized agencies and the district People's Committee.
(cat) scratching 
ripped,
stepping 
The propagation is integrated in law propagation sessions, village meetings, chapters.
The Party building and strengthening of the political system from district to grassroots, achieved many positive results.
- The provincial budget's funding sources (for economic, training and scientific activities).
To research, select, create, produce and trade in plant varieties;
Departments of Education and Training, Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs: 
pinch (rice) 
From here, bringing high incomes to the people, the rate of poor households decreases every year.
yours,
ethnic minorities,
Developing and implementing the PBGDPL;
bulge,
Along with that, the Farmers' Association of M9 Village, Vinh Hoa Commune has mobilized its members to contribute more workdays, materials, sand, stone, wood.
- To work out plans to notify domestic and foreign delegations thereof for active contact (notifications enclosed with the festival dossiers).
Up to now, the Movement Construction Force has coordinated the construction and maintenance of 59 grassroots reconciliation teams, people's security teams and 9 security and order councils in the district.
At the launching ceremony, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, requested Party committees, authorities, associations, schools, families and the entire society to step up communication to raise awareness about drowning prevention and control, especially for children.
Enhance the implementation of measures for epidemic surveillance, management of breeding, hatching, import, export and re-population of poultry and management of dogs and cats raised in the area.
Standing Deputy Head: Mr. Dao Duc Tuan, Director of Department of Education and Training.
Age: From 09 to under 16 years old (both male and female).
In 2020, the recruitment and call-up of citizens for enlistment in the army and citizens performing the People's Public Security Service obligations shall be determined as one of the key tasks of localities by Party committees, administrations and Military Service Councils at all levels.
I'm in Kon Hai village. Today I went to the market to buy clothes. 
In which cadres, Party members, members and unionists always promote the pioneering and exemplary character associated with learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh to set an example for the people to follow.
GF Male
On this occasion, leaders of the Department of Culture and Sports also visited and presented gifts to 3 prestigious families of ethnic minority people of K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune. 
Strong infrastructure investment has changed the face of rural and mountainous areas in ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district, the rate of poor households by the end of 2019 decreased to 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to the previous year.
Bok Ria has two daughters.
Checking and overcoming EU recommendations related to food safety.
To prescribe support levels and sizes of channel cross sections for solidification of canals and ditches in the 2016 - 2020 period.
enough,
Resolution on policies to support solidification of canals and intra-field canals in the period 2016 - 2020 in the province
Seed preservation time does not exceed 60 days, bundles of each bundle to stand in a dry, shaded place. Cuttings taken from 1/3 in the middle of the stem, cutting length 12 – 15cm, stem diameter over 1.7cm and reaching 3 – 4 eyes, cut cuttings are not too short or too long, use a sharp knife to cut and avoid cuttings. Treat cuttings before planting by dipping in fungicides.
At the same time, ask local authorities to continue caring for the material and spiritual life of policy families in the area.
nest (bird) 
jungle,
compartment 
Environment is a factor that directly affects the quality of life of people and the rural face.
The main forms of operation include :
Expressing the beauty of the communication culture of Binh Dinh people, creating confidence and excitement for the delegations to attend the festival.
With a knife.
The whole district of Vinh Thanh has more than 152,000 cattle and poultry of all kinds, of which the poultry herd alone has more than 116,000 head.
The order and procedures for support shall comply with current regulations of the State.
In recent years, besides the central support, the province has also invested tens of billions of dong to help Vinh Thanh build infrastructure, creating favorable conditions for the locality to develop social economy, gradually shortening the gap between mountainous and delta areas.
The survey and planning shall be carried out closely and in coordination between the Forest Protection Service and the district's functional branches, the Vinh Thanh District Protective-Forest Management Board and Song Kong Forestry Company, ensuring to minimize forest damage, minimize environmental damage and suit the conditions of agricultural production.
In the immediate future, to seek and bring into play typical households in overcoming economic development difficulties as leaders and examples for other households to participate in economic development, especially in ethnic minority areas.
Directly under the Management Board shall be decided by the Director of the Management Board on the basis of the scheme approved by the Director of the Service of Culture, Sports and Tourism. 
From the beginning of the year, the Standing Board of the District Farmers' Association directed the grassroots association to organize for its members to register good production and business households at all levels, with 549 farmer households registered to participate, achieving 109% of the plan.
Traditional martial arts have 2 contents: traditional martial arts performance (also known as competition) is to perform traditional martial arts by hand and with weapons.
With a support of 40 million VND, plus savings and children's contributions, he made the house nearly 100 million VND.
The campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city"
Caring Hroi
QD-UBND
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development: 
Socio - economic development strategy, priority investment objectives in the plan and ability to balance construction investment resources.
Participating in the model with 30 members who are women's members in Vinh Thanh town, the first step in implementing the model has been supported by a large number of women.
Therefore, at the proposal of voters to raise the loan level, extend the loan duration and exempt or reduce interest rates for poor ethnic minority households, there is no basis for settlement.
Visiting policy families in Vinh Thuan commune, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee Ho Xuan Anh graciously asked about the situation, talked with comrades wounded, sick soldiers, people with meritorious revolutionary services and wished you good health, a bright example to educate revolutionary traditions for the young generation; Leaders of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee also hope that you continue to make many contributions to build the locality more and more developed.
In the meetings, members are encouraged to strictly comply with the regulations on environmental sanitation and the criteria of the "5 no, 3 clean" campaign.
Besides, the dissemination of information about the epidemic situation and epidemic prevention and control measures is focused by districts in various forms such as: Publicizing information on the district's public addressing systems and communes and townships to update information on the epidemic situation and the implementation of epidemic prevention and control in the district.
Comply with Circular No. 96/2018/TT-BTC dated October 18,2018 of the Ministry of Finance.
Visiting Vietnamese Heroic Mothers Nguyen Thi Bui 95 years old, Tran Thi Lap 88 years old and Phan Thi Hung 85 years old, currently living in Tien An Village, Vinh Hoa Commune, Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu graciously visited the health and life of the Mothers and wished the Mothers happy and healthy life, set bright examples of ethics and revolutionary traditions for young generations to follow.
The 3rd Congress of Representatives of the Young Artists of Binh Dinh Province in 2019 will be held on the morning of June 11, 2019.
To develop establishments and factories processing aquatic products for export in association with fishing ports in Hoai Nhon, Phu My and Phu Cat districts.
A number of policies to support the development of craft villages and rural trades in Binh Dinh province during 2019 - 2025
early morning,
Temperature: Cashews are native to the tropics, so they are very sensitive to low temperatures and frosts. Cashews are able to grow within a fairly wide temperature range but only grow and thrive in temperatures from 24 to 280C. However, if you want to have high yields, you should not choose areas with an average annual temperature below 200C.
To resolutely prevent and definitely handle acts of violation in accordance with law;
Thus, from the beginning of the year, Vinh Thanh district has received a total of 4,900 sets.
aunt,
In the afternoon, I stayed home to help my mother with her chores.
Visiting Ta Diek village, Vinh Hao commune, it is easy to recognize the changes in the life of Bana people here from the bright red tile roofed houses, from the flower paths planted and cared for by the people to create a fresh scenery of the highland village.
After a year of successful testing, in the last 2 years, he has expanded the cage scale and diversified fish such as lentils, beaded waterfall and some mixed fish for a profit of 300 million VND / year.
Provincial budgets shall provide partial support for rural craft establishments directly providing vocational training courses.
Sniffing
On that basis, the district has reviewed solid works that can serve people to shelter when natural disasters occur, such as schools, health stations, cultural houses, solid houses of people.
Attending the meeting of voters in the district were Mr. Nguyen Chi Dung, Vice Chairman of the district People's Council, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee and representatives of agencies and departments of the district and communes and townships.
Project 1: To build a pilot model of enterprises, cooperatives and farmers consuming agricultural products and supplying agricultural supplies in Binh Dinh province.
Assign tasks to each member.
different,
deep depth
On the basis of this Plan, relevant agencies and units from provincial to grassroots level shall proactively consult with Party committees and authorities at all levels to formulate and concretize into detailed plans for implementation of Directive No. 1391/CT-BNN-PCTT dated February 25,2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
fishing hooks
big ass,
For each locality, the new contents to improve the quality of the movement go into life or not, not starting from the grassroots, from the initiative and voluntariness of the people.
land,
To send reports to the provincial People's Committees for reporting to the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development for sum-up and submission to the Prime Minister for consideration and decision.
These models have promoted practical effectiveness, attracting a large number of people to participate.
To apply advanced sciences and technologies to the exploitation and preservation of products after exploitation.
Place the bulb in the direction of the leaves spreading out on either side of the row perpendicular to the length of the bed, planting it in the field when the corn reaches 2 to 3 real leaves.
Here, all kinds of records and administrative procedures are publicized and transparent about the process, time of settlement, fees, charges, delivery and receipt slips, notices of delayed processing.
clear,
Collecting in the ground: If you do not need to use cashews, let the fruit fall into the ground and collect the fruit in the ground periodically every 2-3 days if there is no rain or collect daily when it rains.
The method of payment for reciprocal funding for vaccine purchase is as follows: The funding for the first installment in 2016 shall be allocated from the district or town budget; the funding for the second installment in 2016 shall be allocated from the provincial budget;
To assign tasks to units under provincial-level Services for coordinated implementation of the Scheme.
Programs and projects prioritized for implementation
At the end of the course, 100% of students are granted vocational certificates.
To help farmers have knowledge to apply to livestock production, promote the development of family economy
At the same time, farmers' associations at all levels in the district have coordinated with the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development to build many effective demonstration models such as the model of safe vegetable cultivation in Dinh Truong village (Vinh Quang commune), the model of growing chili peppers in Tien An and Tien Hoa villages (Vinh Hoa commune), the model of raising chickens on biological padding in Vinh Thanh town, Vinh Thinh commune and Vinh Quang commune...
After 15 years of resettlement, the socio-economic situation in Vinh Thuan highland commune has seen many positive changes, national defense and security have been ensured, the people's material and spiritual life has been significantly improved, contributing to building the Party and the administration in a clean and strong manner.
Article 3. Ministers, heads of ministerial-level agencies, heads of government-attached agencies and chairpersons of provincial-level People's Committees shall implement this Decision.
This is a new way, but to achieve high efficiency, people need specific guidance to the disposal of garbage in the tank less harmful to the environment.
On that basis, the district has reviewed solid works that can serve people to shelter when natural disasters occur, such as schools, health stations, cultural houses, solid houses of people.
The programs and projects have been implemented with electricity works, roads, schools, stations, daily-life water, centers of commune clusters, cultural houses... built, have met the aspirations of the people.
By the end of 2018, the rate of surveillance samples violating regulations on antibiotic residues and toxic substances decreased by 10%;
In a period of 150 minutes, each class assigns 2 students to participate in the contents of the competition, in which male students participate in the knitting competition and female students in the brocade weaving competition.
To implement emulation movements "Women actively study, creatively work and build happy families" in association with the implementation of "Learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh"; the campaign "Building a clean 5 no 3 family" and "Practicing ethical qualities: Confidence, self-esteem, loyalty and assurance".
Maximum fee: VND 30,000/time/person. 
Expected launch of the Children's Council 
To organize service activities at historical - cultural relics and scenic places assigned to them for management according to the regulations of the State and the province.
two mountains. 
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 63/2010/ND-CP dated June 08,2010 on controlling administrative procedures;
On the afternoon of March 11, the Organization Board of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a conference to review the organization of Party building in 2019, implementing orientations and tasks in 2020.
In addition, within the framework of the project, at the beginning of this year, the district health center has also received and allocated 5,300 chemically impregnated mosquito nets for people in communes and townships in the district to prevent and combat malaria.
To continue directing the police offices of communes and townships to effectively implement the Party's undertakings and policies and the State's legal system in the field of public security and build the movement "All people protect the public security ".
Instruments
Notify and publicly post up at the offices of the People's Committees of districts, towns and cities:
To direct and guide localities in implementing agricultural, forestry, fishery and salt production promotion activities
The heads of the concerned agencies, organizations and individuals shall have to implement this Decision.
Head of the delegation: Ms. Nguyen Thi Thao Vi, Head of Planning and Operation Department of the provincial Social Policy Bank Branch. 
Directive No. 24 / CT-TTg dated October 7, 2019 of the Prime Minister on strengthening the handling of violations of the law on dikes
peaceful,
wise,
Housing development for students of universities, colleges, professional secondary schools and vocational schools in Binh Dinh province during 2009 - 2015
The villagers lived together happily.
On the afternoon of October 29, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a review of agricultural production in 2019 and implemented the production plan for the Winter-Spring crop in 2019-2020.
To direct and guide district - level Culture and Information Sections in organizing practical and regular "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" suitable to their particular characteristics and practical requirements.
Except for mountainous villages and communes under the State's current regulations,
Plan to organize the 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts in Binh Dinh 2019
whipped 
bored
Funds for implementation of the Plan shall be included in annual state budget expenditure estimates of provincial-level Departments, sectors and localities according to current state budget decentralization.
Every year, the number of exemplary members reaches 95% and the family of cultural members reaches 96%.
To formulate specific mechanisms and policies for the conservation and development of martial arts furnaces, including:
To contribute to ensuring food hygiene and safety and controlling epidemics.
(Enclosed with the Decision No. 429/QD-UBND dated February 12,2019 of the President of the People's Committee of the province)
Speaking nonsense,
In 2019, the economy of Vinh Thanh district closed with very impressive achievements with the increase of the total local product of 14.5%.
crippled
Search and Rescue
Cars
And above all, to set a good example in the mass media for localities that have well done the work of labor export and families with people working abroad, bringing about high economic efficiency.
Sesame yield is quite high, about 40 - 50kg / pole (500m2), cost 40,000 - 45,000 VND / kg.
The rate of agricultural, forestry and fishery production and business establishments ranked A and B will increase by 10% over 2017;
ancestors,
Mr. Huynh Cao Nhat - Deputy Director of the Department of Tourism;
The people have put into production about 6.5 hectares of wet rice; 16 hectares of cashew; 4 hectares of wheat; 150 hectares of shallow crops of all kinds.
The Law on Amendments to the Law on Government Organization and the Law on Local Government Organization dated November 22, 2019,
Provincial Military Commands; Provincial Border Guard Commands
In order to help ethnic minority people in Vinh Thuan commune improve the quality of life, change the way of thinking and doing, rise to legitimate enrichment.
Provides a source of synthetic nutrients to the soil, making nutrients easily absorbed, enhancing soil fertilizer retention
Phase 1 Investment
At the same time, the district also opens short-term vocational training classes, organizes training to improve knowledge of cultivation and husbandry, guides people to apply scientific and technical advances to production, gradually eradicating hunger and effectively escaping poverty.
locked,
How big is the house?
Protective
With children in the community, commune health stations together with village health, population collaborators, village chiefs, review by village. Especially note children in remote areas and areas with population fluctuations.
100% of participants in the model signed a pledge to say no to black credit and domestic violence.
In addition, the district also approved a list of near-poor households in 2019 of 1,237 households, accounting for 12.53 percent, down 0.82% over the same period.
Solution: Allocate financial resources from the state budget
In the first nine months of the year, the District Farmers' Association in cooperation with the Provincial Horticultural Association organized two training courses on dissemination of knowledge and production experiences on responding to climate change in Vinh Thinh commune and a propaganda class on VCA economic development in the district, with 120 farmers' members attending;
Any problems arising in the course of coordination shall be reported to the superior agencies for settlement.
To maintain a stable number of fishing ships engaged in offshore fishing, to transform offshore fishing ships, upgrade their engines, hulls, fishing nets and equipment, attaching importance to the development of fishing ships with a capacity of 400CV or higher.
With the achieved results, in 2019 Vinh Thuan commune health station was commended by the provincial Department of Health for good work of population and family planning.
Derived from the sharing, mutual affection, good leaves with torn leaves, the gifts and affection of Bioseed Vietnam Co., Ltd. have contributed to encouraging her and her school to teach well - learn well.
Thematic contents include 2 parts: Ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style on strengthening the national great unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system;
(See Appendix 1: Plan for breeding of high-quality beef cows for the period 2015 - 2020).
speed up,
Attending were Mr. Bui Tan Thanh – Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee; Mr. Ho Thi Hoan – Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, leaders of mass organizations and especially the presence of 74 high-achieving students in the University entrance examination in 2019.
The situation of political security - social order and safety continues to be maintained and stable, not to happen hot spots, the basic targets are achieved and exceeded the plan.
On October 22, experts from the New Zealand Institute for Crop and Food Research cooperated with the Binh Dinh Safe Vegetables Coordination Office to organize a training session for leaders of "like-minded" groups and farmers producing safe vegetables of Vinh Son Commune.
The Sea
plateau 
(chicken) nape 
In which, organize a concentrated playground for children in villages, with such activities as: organizing folk games, lion dance, art performances, demolition... combined with praise, visits to give gifts to children of poor households, children with special difficult circumstances.
The associations at all levels have organized exciting cultural, artistic, physical training and sport activities to celebrate the anniversary of the homeland such as the contest "Joining hands to build a new countryside, civilized urban areas"... creating a cheerful and excited atmosphere in farmers.
To direct functional agencies under the Department to appraise, grant certificates of eligible establishments to ensure food safety for the production and business establishments as decentralized; to organize specialized inspection, handle violations as prescribed by law.
No, no, no.
At the same time, the remaining volume is 81.000m2 of floor, with a total investment of about 379.080 million VND. Of which:
Blowjob
The causes affecting the quality of cashews are harvesting when the seeds are not fully ripe (immature seeds), the moisture in the seeds is still high (> 9%) and the storage site does not meet the requirements of ventilation and cool.
Responsible for handling and responding to recommendations and proposals related to the sector from the annual aggregation of the Children's Council.
Candidates for the position of foreign language teacher. 
At least 18 years of age;
On the afternoon of July 22, the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh District held the 8th Congress of delegates, tenure 2019-2024.
washed away
Attending and directing the meeting were Mr. Nguyen Huu Vui – Deputy Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, Mr. Le Van Dau – Chairman of the District People's Committee.
These peaches will be transported to Vinh Son Commune for planting.
spinning round
In addition to rice, Vinh Thinh commune also plans to put into production 69 hectares of other shallow trees including 7 hectares of peanuts, 17 hectares of corn, 30 hectares of legumes of all kinds.
hooves (horse) 
cross (hand) 
which,
Uh, yeah, yeah.
Minh kôpah, waê aên kapoâ, lô mo sa duh phi, tôgum pieâu tinh boât in: pheâ, hôbo, mum 
dreaming,
dead,
To organize the study so as to thoroughly grasp the undertakings and resolutions of the Central Committee, regularly raise the quality of the Party's branches, well carry out the political and ideological education, enhance the supervision, inspection and prevention of violations, ensuring the fulfillment of the political tasks of the localities.
To survey and find appropriate locations in regions with cow trading traditions and land funds for building cow markets.
weakness
The moon was brighter at night.
Planting a cycle of acacia trees, in combination with powdered lime fertilization to improve the soil before planting new cycle citrus fruit trees.
In the course of implementing policies, the district People's Committee has concentrated on directing the assignment of scientific and technical advances, decentralizing the management of policies and the process of urbanization, especially policies on vocational training, pupils and officials at all levels, thus contributing to raising the quality of human resources and production development capability among ethnic minority people.
whipped 
Article 2. Assign the Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development to approve the detailed plan and cost estimate for implementation of the action plan for assurance of food safety in the agricultural sector in 2018 approved by the provincial People's Committee.
Funding for implementation
Time: From March 2017 to May 2017.
pouring (water) 
Because of impatience, the wife took the seed and put it in her mouth, forgetting even the word of God. Soon afterwards, on the way she gave birth to many children. Whoever was born, the two named them after that place. Gradually the children grew up, married, took wives, gave birth to children, and formed villages. They were the ancestors of the Ede, Jarai, Barna, Chru, and Hre today.
For the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism 
Budget Implementation Mechanism
To direct specialized agencies in examining and signing commitments of production and business establishments in their localities as assigned or decentralized.
The work of building and strengthening the organization of the Vietnam Fatherland Front has been steadily developed in both scale and quality.
MTV News
Head: Mr. Nguyen Tuan Thanh, Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee.
To express gratitude for the contributions and sacrifices of policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh district.
Pursuant to the Joint Circular No. 11/2011/TTLT-BNN-BQP-BTC dated March 14,2011 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, the Ministry of National Defense and the Ministry of Finance;
if,
In addition to the determination and efforts of the local government and people, Vinh Kim Commune needs more attention and investment from all levels, branches and projects to complete the roadmap to build a new countryside according to the proposed plan.
Thereby, contributing to raising awareness for people in the district to understand the benefits of vocational training and proactively choose a career suitable to their capacity and conditions and the needs of the society.
old man,
At the end of the program, there was an article recording the care and construction of houses for social policy beneficiaries in the district.
(Issued together with Decision No. 4077/QD-BTP dated December 31,2014 of the Minister of Justice)
fishing,
Swimming and drowning prevention knowledge and skills; take measures to protect and warn places with ponds, lakes, wells, water tanks or places with deep water
The doctor at the infirmary also said: in order to stay healthy, people should not drink plain water, should not eat stale food. 
whipped 
In order to do well the prevention of epidemics,
To proceed with the compilation of a dossier for submission to UNESCO for recognition of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts as an intangible cultural heritage of mankind.
(sunshine) projection onto 
Irrigation
Yeah, I used to hunt a lot, but now I don't hunt much.
Along the...
hundreds of
Now, however, it's different.
Decision No. 2370/QD-BGTVT dated July 26,2016 of the Ministry of Transport on approval for detailed planning for seaports in South Central Vietnam (Group 4) by 2020 and orientation towards 2030.
Masters
To support districts, towns and cities in controlling the slaughter and trading of diseased and dead pigs on the market (mainly in Quy Nhon city, An Nhon town, Tuy Phuoc, Hoai Nhon and Hoai An districts).
Mr. Nguyen Huynh Huyen - Deputy Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Propaganda Department;
To prepare forces, means and supplies for participation in natural disaster prevention and response activities when they are mobilized.
By the end of 2019, the district had 3,750 poor households, accounting for 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to the previous year.
subtract 
The People's Committees and Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committees of communes shall cooperate with relevant authorities in ensuring that the election of village heads for the 2019 - 2021 term takes place in a safe and lawful manner.
Implementing the tetanus-diphtheria vaccination program to reduce the dose for children in the immunization category in 2019.
The implementation of programs and projects, especially the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies has always been well coordinated among all levels and branches in the course of implementation.
From there, it contributes to improving living standards, creating jobs, raising incomes for people, ensuring social security, gradually eradicating hunger, reducing poverty and building a new countryside in the district.
The preparation of the Party Congress at all levels for the term 2020-2025, proceeding to the 18th Congress of deputies of the district Party; Cadres work; Construction of grassroots organizations of the Party and Party members; Internal political protection
This is a meaningful act of appreciation for the contributions and sacrifices of those who contributed to the revolution.
Vinh Thanh district currently has 1 Center of Vocational Education - Continuing Education participating in vocational training for rural workers of less than 3 months and elementary level with agricultural and non-agricultural occupations.
From 2.4 to now, the COVID-19 control checkpoint in Go Lei has controlled, measured body temperature, made health declaration and travel history of 3,270 people, including 15 cases returning from the epidemic zone, 14 cases requested to be quarantined at home; sprayed antiseptic for 30 cars.
The MTTQ Committee and township mass organizations shall continue renewing their operation contents and modes, paying attention to building, consolidating and strengthening their organizations and developing their members.
After 4 - 5 months from the date of planting (depending on the growth rate and development of the volume of medicinal plants on each field) can conduct harvesting medicinal plants.
On the occasion of the Mid-Autumn Festival in 2019, Vinh Thanh district organized many Mid-Autumn Festival activities for children in the district.
Support level: The local budget shall support up to 60% of the total investment capital of a project but not exceeding VND 1.5 billion/project;
make a mirror 
During the division of plots on the cashew garden must pay attention to the transport route. The preparation of planting holes must be marked in advance to ensure the planned planting distance. 
At the field, Mom and Dad weed the corn. Joel and Gold followed the trail into the woods. The grass was cool at their feet. A flock of white butterflies flew. Joel picked a red flower that was wet with dew. Suddenly he heard a bird singing in the trees before him.
Dates 
LLVT
2018: VND 11,700 million. 
Resolution on approval for the project for investment in construction, upgrading and repair of agricultural and rural development works in Binh Dinh province during 2021- 2025
Inspection and adjustment of a rental accommodation establishment
tears,
Headquartered at: 236B Le Hong Phong Street, Quy Nhon City, Binh Dinh Province.
Directive on drastic implementation of solutions for repopulation, stabilization of animal husbandry and prevention and control of animal diseases in Binh Dinh province
At the ceremony to announce the Decision, the leaders of the provincial and district police departments proposed the regular police officers when returning to the grassroots to fulfill their assigned tasks and create trust of the Party, authorities and people in the locality.
According to the Decision No. 2997/QD-UBND dated August 26, 2019 of the People's Committee of the province,
Building and disseminating banners, slogans, messages, reportages, video clips, documents, posters, banners... on gender equality and gender-based violence prevention and control
Born and raised in Ta Lét village, Vinh Hiep commune, Ms. Dinh Thi Mai A understands all the difficulties of the war years and changes in Bana's life here.
Assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with relevant Departments and sectors in advising provincial People's Committees in implementing insurance policies in agricultural production.
To support citrus fruit farmers in applying technical processes to build yield and quality citrus fruit gardens (ICM): from planting, fertilizing, tending, watering, harvesting, preserving and packaging products.
Regarding political credentials, ethics, professional qualifications and competence, the Ministry of Education and Training shall promptly provide additional training for districts, towns and cities in the academic year 2019 - 2020.
Average per capita income in 2019 reached 12 million VND/person/year
For what purposes?
The two girls nodded shyly in agreement. That day, the villagers sang and drank wine all night to celebrate the boy's happiness.
In the stories he tells, there is the wise rabbit who helps the man who kills the tiger, and there is the poor boy who meets the fairy by the brook.
With the support of the Party, the State and the people's efforts, more and more ethnic minority households have appeared, which is a typical example in local emulation movements, actively contributing to the local socio-economic development.
To strive to achieve 17/19 criteria of the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
To step up socialization by mobilizing the assistance of communities and inhabitants in their places of residence to support families of people with meritorious services to the revolution who meet with difficulties to escape poverty.
Joel loved watching him work. He knitted big eyes and small eyes. Things to store in the barn, things to take to the fields.
Policies to support socio-economic development in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas have been effectively implemented under the direction of district-level People's Committees.
My wife...
Subjects of investigation include: Actual residents of ethnic minority households by the time of investigation; deaths of household members;
with (hand) 
Decision No. 1235/QD-TTg dated August 03,2015 of the Prime Minister on approval for the Program for promoting children's right to participate in children-related issues in the period of 2016-2020;
many attractions 
Let's hear it for you.
(round) silver 
jump down,
Live chicken is edible.
In 2019, all levels of Farmers' Associations have coordinated with relevant sectors to promote the propagation and mobilization of farmers to properly implement the guidelines on economic restructuring in rural areas, restructuring of plants and livestock according to the general guidelines of the district.
The movement of farmers producing and doing good business is deeply developed at all levels of the association.
Brushes
The implementation of programs and projects, particularly the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies in Vinh Thanh district, has always had good coordination among all levels and branches in the implementation process.
Especially in international exchange, only from 2006 to now, Binh Dinh province has sent two delegations to attend traditional martial arts festivals in Korea, Italy and Romania (in 2006, 2007).
So far, the number of poor households in Vinh Thanh district is 4,851 households with more than 17 thousand people, accounting for 50.34%, a decrease of 5.73% compared to 2018.
Therefore, the movement of emulation for study promotion and talent promotion has developed in both width and depth, the organizational system of the association has been consolidated, consolidated and spread throughout from mountainous and highland communes to communes and townships in the district, becoming the association with the highest percentage of membership.
To associate with programs on economic development, culture, education, healthcare, security and defense, hunger elimination and poverty alleviation in localities in the province.
(For disadvantaged children, ethnic minority children are not required to meet the abovementioned selection criteria but must satisfy ethical criteria).
Cultivation land;
the following,
On the afternoon of October 30, Binh Dinh Petroleum Company in cooperation with the People's Procuracy of Vinh Thanh district organized the acceptance and handover of gratitude house to Pham Thi Xuan family, in Dinh Tri village, Vinh Hao commune.
nasty,
To select collectives and individuals that record outstanding achievements in implementing ethnic minority cultural policies in their localities for commendation and reporting to their superiors.
In the past time, although the forest protection forces have made great efforts in patrolling and pursuing forest robbers, the situation of trading, transporting, exploiting and encroaching on forestry land in Vinh Thanh district has still been complicated.
Besides, the Association has also coordinated with the Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development of the district to establish 8 groups of loans managed by the Association for over 79 farmers to borrow over 6 billion VND, reaching 121,12% of the target assigned.
In addition to promoting propaganda, the commune also focuses on building the contingent and improving the capacity of officials in charge of population work.
Plant miles as soon as seedlings die to ensure planting density and uniform growth of the orchard. In the first 2 years, small trees are vulnerable to strong winds that loosen the roots, tilt the tree and break branches, so plant temporary windbreaks such as yellow flowers in the middle of 2 rows of cashews.
According to the results of the census at the end of 2018, the whole district had 4,357 poor households, accounting for 44.33%, down 6% over the same period, near-poor households 1,312 households, accounting for 13.4%, down 2.3% over the same period.
cleaning (home) 
He obeyed and did as his mother commanded him.
A number of other relevant tasks according to the 2020 plan of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development; regular tasks according to the functions and tasks assigned by the provinces and branches.
In order to further improve the quality of life of people in the district, in 2020 Vinh Thanh district continues to propose many solutions to implement,
Everyone's eyes lit up.
fat chick
they,
Pursuant to the Law on Dikes dated November 29,2006 
Thirst (water) 
press down 
old forest
Pursuant to the Law on the Elderly dated November 23, 2009,
good-natured
(does) note 
Thereby, contributing to the successful implementation of the task of socio-economic development, maintaining political security in the locality in 2019.
By the end of the year, 85% of poor women who are heads of households will be helped by the Association in various forms such as capital, knowledge, trees, breeding animals of all kinds. 43 poor households headed by women will be helped to escape poverty.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 62/2006/QD-BVHTT dated June 23,2006 of the Ministry of Culture and Information;
To date, many member households, women and people in the commune have formed the habit of collecting garbage, classifying garbage in accordance with regulations.
Coordinate with the Department of Tourism to contact and work with hotels, motels, arrange accommodation, welcome guests to the festival.
have to watch the house 
Especially for poultry flocks in communes and towns in the district
Construction of cashew garden: To ensure the care and protection of the soil, the orchard should be designed, built before planting.
groom,
According to the Forest Protection Department of the district: The entire district currently has 58,835 hectares of forestry land, of which 47,685 hectares are forested, 3,399 hectares are planted forests, the forest coverage reaches 75.8%. 
a bunch of firewood,
(beautiful) so...
Taking care,
To pay attention to well implementing the work of mass mobilization and military rear policy
On the morning of March 3, Vinh Thanh District Public Security held a ceremony to announce the Decision of the Director of Provincial Public Security and the Head of District Public Security on the transfer of full-time police officers to hold the titles of commune and township police.
Balloons
Article 2. This Decision annuls 06 administrative procedures in the forestry sector under the management of Services of Agriculture and Rural Development.
squirrel
The first part.
whipping 
Over the years, this campaign has become a widespread movement in all residential areas in the district.
inspiration (water) 
The contingent of cadres and Party members have a firm political stance and will to strive to fulfill their assigned tasks.
tease
the sickle,
claw,
Therefore, implementing the policy of poverty reduction, every year the Division of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs has coordinated with the Center of Vocational Education - Continuing Education to open vocational training classes according to address and job demand.
In the coming time, Vinh Hao Commune Women's Union will continue to expand the model of "garbage pits at home", maintain regular cleaning periodically and at peak times, and promote propaganda and mobilization to find practical solutions to support women to well implement the "5 no, 3 clean" campaign.
However, there are still many works built before 1980 that are degrading, some areas have not been irrigated from irrigation works, often lack water at the end of the Autumn crop;
same (go) 
bustling 
We're older and we chase each other around the beach.
Level 3 covers 26 administrative procedures, including 20 at the district level and 6 at the commune level.
the remainder shall be balanced by the investor and mobilized from other lawful sources.
Diagram of locations of examination rooms, examination rules, forms and time for each examination section, subject and content at the examination venue.
Representatives of regions, ethnic groups, ages, genders, religions and disadvantaged children must be provided.
Quality of herd: 
Hey, what's going on?
To direct the Education and Training Sections to coordinate with the Youth Unions and the Team Councils of the districts, provincial towns and cities in :
long hairy
In recent years, the Party Committee and the administration of Vinh Thuan commune have always paid attention to promoting propaganda and population-family planning work to create positive changes in people's awareness.
the flu,
Decision No. 514/QD-TTg dated May 08,2019 of the Prime Minister approving the overall adjustment of the master plan on construction of Nhon Hoi Economic Zone up to 2040
Head: Ms. Tran Thi Thu Ha, Vice Chairwoman of the Provincial People's Committee.
Ms. Tran Thi Thuy Nga, Deputy Head of Organization and Personnel Department, Department of Education and Training.
Mr. Le Van Dau, deputy secretary of the district-level Party Committee, chairman of the district-level People's Committee, presided over the meeting.
With a high sense of responsibility and always energetic, dedicated to her work, Ms. Le Thi Thuy Ha is one of the typical examples among 35 typical young teachers and lecturers in 2019.
The Barnabas were the first to come here.
The Department of Transport shall direct the construction of bridges, roads and clear the flow through bridges.
Dozens of projects for people's life are invested in construction, the poor households are invested to support capital and materials for agricultural production, the life of the poor households has been markedly improved.
rolling ( hoe )
- International treaties to which Vietnam is a contracting party, which are directly related to people and enterprises;
To coordinate with concerned provincial-level Departments, sectors and units in mobilizing financial supports and monitoring and managing funds for festivals from state budget and financial supports.
It is known that in 2019, implementing the movement of farmers emulation of good production and business, solidarity to help each other get rich and reduce poverty sustainably in the commune, there are 49 households registered and 25 households won the title of good production and business at all levels.
to do,
The program shall be implemented nationwide; the central budget shall prioritize investment and provide investment supports for ministries and localities that have not yet balanced their budgets.
Planning solutions: 
Techniques for growing mature plants
Department of Culture and Sports in cooperation with Vinh Thanh District People's Committee organized the Ethnic Minority Cultural Exchange Program and Family Work in 2019 at K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune
To enhance coordination with concerned agencies and units, People's Committees of districts, towns and cities, associations, mass organizations, Binh Dinh newspaper, provincial radio and television station, news and press agencies, etc.
two grandparents,
Attract many people to watch and cheer, show hospitality, spirit of self-respect, national pride
Yes. Wearing a lot of clothes, warm blankets, but I still sound cold.
the car,
Raising the responsibility of the head in the work of PBGDPL;
Pursuant to the Circular No. 11/2009 / TT-BGDDT dated May 08, 2009 of the Ministry of Education and Training on the Regulation on the order,
enough,
slapping,
The People's Committees of the districts, towns and cities managing the production and / or business establishments without business registration certificates and the production and / or business establishments with business registration certificates, which do not belong to the conditional business lines prescribed by law.
breathing
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December. 
Twenty pills, please.
Inspect the vaccination procedures, provide technical instructions and send weekly reports on vaccination progress to the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development for consolidation and reporting to the People's Committee of the province.
Improving the efficiency of marine mineral extraction associated with deep processing; rational exploitation, according to the planning 
Attending and directing the Conference were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee.
Direct the implementation of anti-illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing (IUU), prevention and control of natural disasters from the sea
There are many bright examples and precious nuclei that need to be replicated in localities throughout the district, helping to step up the movement of learning inside and outside schools, contributing to maintaining the achievements of universalization of preschool education for children aged 5 years, universalization of primary education for children of eligible age and secondary education.
In general, most of the sisters use the loans for the right purpose and bring high economic efficiency, helping many member households improve their living standards.
To build a chain of traceability of safe pork for export outside the province; to intensify inspection and control of terrestrial animal products; by the end of 2018, pork in Quy Nhon city will be safe and there will be no dead slaughterhouses.
Pasteurization: There are 2 ways of pasteurization: Steaming with a pressure cooker and steaming at a temperature of 95 - 1000C, maintaining heating time from 15 - 18 hours.
The Congress has spent time discussing and adopting the Resolution on objectives, targets, orientations and tasks for the 2020-2025 tenure.
Participating in the national contest of excellent legal rapporteurs and communicators on anti-corruption legislation
banging (head) 
Sticking with the Association and the Peasant Movement for nearly 10 years, she constantly innovates the content and mode of operation to enhance the role of the association, which is trusted and loved by many officials and members of farmers.
For teachers of foreign languages, the second foreign language level must reach level 1.
According to the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district, in 2019 the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district considered supporting the construction of 11 houses of great solidarity for poor households and ethnic minority households in the district.
At the same time, they may hire, entrust or set up housing service organizations to manage the operation of students' dormitories.
Therefore, in recent years, vocational training for poor and rural laborers has always been paid special attention by the Party, authorities and functional branches of Vinh Thanh district.
water,
Sleep in a bed net.
Total funding for implementation in 2018: VND 3, 763, 000, 000 (equal to three billion, seven hundred and sixty three million dong); of which:
Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station: To coordinate with the provincial delegation in propagating activities of the Children's Council of Binh Dinh province in the 2017 - 2020 period.
In which there are many important construction investment projects such as investment in upgrading, expanding and building 09 new routes into the production area, with a total length of more than 6.5km; new construction of 1.2km of canals in the field; or construction of the commune sports area... 
As of June 15, the entire district had 46/50 grassroots Party organizations under the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district that had completed the grassroots Party Congress for the 2020-2025 tenure, reaching 92%, including 12 party committees and 34 branches. 
Attending were Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee; representatives of leaders of the Party Building Board, leaders of Vinh Hao Commune People's Committee and the majority of people in the village.
- The budget supported by the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals or cities;
Thanks to diversified deployment forms, rich and practical contents, the campaign and emulation movement have been enthusiastically responded by the CCBs.
Decision on approval of the project to build pilot models of agricultural product consumption and supply of agricultural supplies in Binh Dinh province
Speaking at the ceremony, the leaders congratulated the appointed comrades and assigned tasks in the new position must always uphold the sense of responsibility, constantly strive, study to improve professional qualifications; solve well the issues in the area; coordinate with the departments and unions to implement effectively the aspects of Public Security work, to ensure security and order in the commune.
Provincial-level Finance Departments shall allocate funds under regulations.
Pursuant to the Law on Intellectual Property dated June 25, 2019;
Spring season
The Party building and political system building are paid attention; the working styles and styles of cadres and civil servants have seen positive changes.
Some notes on harvesting techniques
Since then, movements in the residential area have become more and more in-depth, many households have a sense of self-improvement in life.
screaming,
Need (alcohol) 
You're so good!
From a poor household, until now, Luan and her husband have grown their family's land fund to 2 hectares, earning over VND 100 million a year from noodles, profit and hunger, not to mention nearly 1 hectare of acacia, about 5 years of exploitation once.
To promulgate a plan on implementation of the Law Dissemination and Education Program in the 2017 - 2021 period in Binh Dinh province;
Mr. Huynh Ngoc Viet, Director of Binh Dinh Power Company;
One day, out of nowhere, a group of monkeys came into the cassava field.
The vast majority of martial arts learners are students, so learning culture is the main thing.
Huynh Ngoc Anh's family in Vinh Truong village, Vinh Thinh commune is a herd duck breeding household with nearly 600 ducks.
Ethnic Minorities
The People's Committees of districts, towns and cities in Binh Dinh province.
Specifically as follows:
copy (oral) 
good,
Currently, the price of raw noodles with a starch content of 30% is being purchased at the factory at the level of 1.9 to 2 million VND / ton, down more than 1 million VND / ton compared to the end of 2019; the cause is the impact of the Covid-19 epidemic that causes starch export difficulties.
Quantity and structure of the Advisory Board: 11 people. 
Funds allocated to the Standing Body of the provincial PBGDPL Coordination Council shall be included in the 2020 provincial budget expenditure estimates.
To well implement the Ordinance on Grassroots Democracy, promote the role of social supervision and criticism of the Party Central Committee and mass organizations, and build a great unity of the entire people.
Article 2. Organization of implementation:
My sister went to herd buffaloes.
To decide on investment policies for investment programs funded with the whole local budget balance capital, local administration bond capital, capital from revenues left for investment but not yet included in the local budget balance, which fall under the deciding competence of the People's Councils of all levels, and other loan capital of the local budget for investment;
on the ward
to say,
Tuition fees of public preschools, lower secondary schools and upper secondary schools (including public schools operating under the financial autonomy mechanism).
Mr. Nguyen Van Hung - Deputy Director of Department of Finance;
Usually paved with wood or cork. There are houses paved with wood. 
Roughness
Focus on mobilizing mountainous students to return to school after the Lunar New Year holiday
Today the teacher asked the students: 
nine,
Over the past years, the district Veterans Association has actively promoted learning and following the moral example of Ho Chi Minh by practical and specific actions associated with the emulation movement " exemplary Veterans ", which is widely deployed by the district Veterans Association to all cadres and members of Veterans Association in the whole district.
The youngest daughter, Min Di, is very beautiful, gentle and kind.
In particular, the emulation movement "Nice stadium" in building a new countryside is deployed by branches and mass organizations in association with the tasks of each unit such as:
Department of Home Affairs 
Planting legumes such as soybeans, peanuts... from 2 to 3 crops; planting trees, bars... then cut, plowed upside down used as a source of organic fertilizer.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Agriculture and Rural Development Service, the director of the provincial Public Administrative Service Center and concerned organizations and individuals shall have to implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
How is this medicine taken?
To organize the implementation of the "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day", with specific and appropriate programs and plans to ensure the participation and response of ethnic minority people.
self,
To combine the conservation and development of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts kilns with tourism development in the province.
Rice Sheet
In Binh Dinh province, there are currently 8 universities, colleges, professional secondary schools and vocational training schools with a total of about 41,055 students.
Afternoon Time
As a result, 100% of grassroots trade unions in the district organized thematic study, attracting over 94% of officials and members to participate.
Movie Projection
fat chick
Ladies and gentlemen,
Article 3. This Decision replaces the Decision No. 3487/QD-UBND dated September 29,2016 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee.
child (buffalo) 
Investors of projects on dormitories for students shall organize the management, operation and maintenance of dormitories for students after investment.
For many years, grassroots conciliation has received the attention of all levels, branches, the Front and mass organizations.
It is noteworthy that the irrigation system has brought practical efficiency, contributing to helping farmers bring high-quality and productive crops to crop rotation, creating favorable conditions for people in communes with special difficulties to develop production and gradually reduce poverty in a sustainable manner.
To act as the standing body of the Council, having the following tasks :
the pile,
Water supply for livestock breeding: The concentrated livestock breeding area (Nhon Tan), the livestock farms, the farms are used water from the irrigation system;
The Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council, Committees of the Provincial People's Council and delegates of the Provincial People's Council shall inspect and supervise the implementation of this Resolution.
To make traditional costumes more common in the lives of ethnic minority people, raising their pride and sense of preservation and promotion of traditional costumes.
shovel,
On the morning of September 18, the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vinh Thanh District in collaboration with the People's Committee of Vinh Quang Commune established a group with the same interests of safe vegetable production.
To coordinate with the district Agricultural Service Center to open a training course on techniques of caring and preventing pests and diseases harmful to crops in the 2019 season for 50 farmers in Vinh Hiep commune.
parents of grandparents,
To intensify the inspection and review of violations of the law on dikes in localities
To guide People's Committees of districts, towns and cities (below referred to as district-level People's Committees) in carrying out procedures and dossiers :
Plate
For autumn glue worms: Enhance field inspection, when the density is high, use one of the drugs such as Lufen extra 100 EC, Enasin 32WP, Ratoin 5WG, Karuba WP, Bitadin WP.... to spray, spray in rows, wet both leaves and leaf axils.
To increase the likelihood of cross-pollination, replenishment of pollen during the grapefruit period Takes place fruiting flowers. 
Ms. Le Thi Quyen, Budget Department, Department of Finance. 
Heater
hungry,
In addition, the district has also invested in upgrading the rural grid system under the REII project, raising the percentage of households using electricity for daily life to 99.2%; Completing the district's clean water supply system, raising the percentage of people using hygienic water to 97.5%.
Through surveying and evaluating the current status of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside,
In order to visit and encourage prestigious people and their families, and at the same time praise and recognize the contributions of prestigious people to the general development of the locality in the past year, and wish that in the coming time, the prestigious people will continue to do better in building the great unity of the entire nation, always promoting their pioneering and exemplary role in propagating and mobilizing people to well observe the guidelines and lines of the Party, policies and laws of the State.
peek out,
Visiting Ta Diek village, Vinh Hao commune, it is easy to recognize the changes in the life of Bana people here from the bright red tile roofed houses, from the flower paths planted and cared for by the people to create a fresh scenery of the highland village.
The project for the 2021 - 2025 period, proposing investment in construction, upgrading and repair of works arranged in the order of priority lists in order to ensure reservoir safety, serve people's daily life, increase clean water use rate and expand irrigation area.
coaxing 
Source of funds
On this occasion, you also proposed that the Party Committee and local authorities regularly pay attention to the lives of Vietnamese Heroic Mothers and policy families in the district, helping them stabilize their lives.
Social Worker
LHTN
Planting Techniques
Assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with relevant departments, sectors, units and localities in, developing scenarios and contents of festival programs;
breathing,
To contribute to improving the material and spiritual life, minimizing social evils, backward customs and superstitions, promoting traditional values of ethnic minority people; to actively carry out the campaign to build a new countryside and civilized urban centers; to build cultured villages and cultured families.
In the old days, two demons of the same name, Peter, went down to the Kôn River to eat the people of the village of Barnabas.
Typical such as the model of cooking wedding parties in Dinh Tam village, Vinh Hao commune; model of breeding three-line hybrid carp of women in Vinh Quang commune; pumpkin planting model in Vinh Thuan commune.
Yes, but very little.
To disseminate policies and laws in appropriate forms to each target group and geographical area, closely following the tasks and solutions for implementation of the 2020 socio-economic development plan.
New to the game,
Comments on weather trends serving the direction and administration of natural disaster prevention and control of the provincial People's Committee and the provincial Command Center for Natural Disaster Management.
Carrying
Decision on establishment of the Steering Committee for implementation of the Scheme on foreign language teaching and learning in the national education system during 2008-2020
Organizations of Youth Unions and Youth Teams shall cooperate with the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs in advising Party Executive Committees, local governments and units where children are living as members of the Children's Councils.
In the past tenure, the commune Party Committee has always fulfilled its tasks.
At present, the living standards of people in communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties in the district are basically stable and have developed, the rate of poor households is reduced by 5.63% on average annually, 96% of villages have rural roads, 100% of communes have motorways to commune centers, 96% of villages have rural roads; over 90% of agricultural land areas have irrigation systems renovated to ensure irrigation for production; 96% of households use hygienic daily-life water, 98% of households use the national electricity grid, cultural, educational and health institutions are basically improved, political security, social order and safety are maintained.
just,
Summing up and reporting on periodical and irregular results:
warehouse,
With gardens from 7 years old and above, yields reach 25 - 28 tons / ha in average care conditions. Harvest time usually before the Lunar New Year is about 15 - 20 days. This is a plant that brings high economic efficiency and is widely adaptable.
With the efforts and determination, raising the sense of responsibility, solidarity and unity of the entire Party and people in the district, the socio-economic development of the district has been gradually developed, the people's life has been increasingly improved; the number of communes meeting the new rural criteria has increased; defense and security have been ensured and maintained firmly and stably.
Based on
Attending were Mr. Dinh A Zon – Chairman of the District Vietnamese People's Committee. 
Choose 2 strong secondary branches to leave other sprouts trimmed off. When the secondary branch has 3 - 4 leaves, remove the top. 
As both learning and practical application, we easily grasp the basics of safe vegetable growing.
us - two people,
kidney
In 2003, after demobilization, he returned to his hometown, he explored 4 hectares next to Ha Ron stream near his home to develop cashew cultivation, lemon cultivation combined with animal husbandry.
boils,
Chapter II: Policy contents
The tradition of solidarity, mutual support, love and assistance among ethnic groups is promoted in the cause of hunger eradication and poverty reduction
After 20-24 hours of germination, be sure to check the medium, if too moist can rot the seeds.
Quarterly, district-level People's Committees, Divisions of Education and Training, Divisions of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs, Children's Activities Centers and clubs having children shall participate in the Children's Council.
wire rope
villagers 
Do the Barnabas hunt?
occupy
visit,
slump,
Content: A photo exhibition on activities of martial arts schools in Vietnam and around the world.
(hair) silver 
Prioritizing practical programs, activities and jobs for ethnic minority people
Let's keep it small now.
Article 3. This Decision comes into force from the day on which it is signed and supersedes the Decision No. 243/QD-UBND dated January 23,2019 of the President of the People's Committee of the province.
The educational activities are conducted only in each class.
Simplicity
Recently, thanks to the attention of Party committees and commune administrations, the close coordination between forest rangers, the Fatherland Front and mass organizations in communes has promoted law dissemination and education for people on forest management and protection.
On the fruit, the stain is initially small dots of dark brown color, which then grow and bind together into large spots of dark brown color. Infected kernels and fruits atrophy and may fall prematurely. 
self-humored
With the desire that young people of all ages must together preserve and preserve the traditional culture of their nation.
At the same time, to create favorable conditions for prestigious people's delegations to exchange, exchange and learn experiences in propagating and mobilizing people to well observe the Party's undertakings and the State's policies and laws in the cause of socio - economic development, hunger elimination and poverty alleviation, building of a new countryside, building of the grassroots political system and the national great unity bloc, firmly maintaining security, defense and social order and safety in localities where they reside, preserving and promoting the national cultural identity.
Through scientific and technical transfer activities, farmers have improved their knowledge and qualifications in new sciences and technologies applied in cultivation and husbandry with high efficiency, contributing to increasing productivity and product quality and building brands for products, significantly contributing to the economic growth of the district.
Vinh Thanh district will strive to reduce the rate of poor households in the district to below 38% by the end of 2019.
Therefore, the program has been implemented in a fairly synchronous and close manner, thus changing and transforming the awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of poor households to receive and effectively use the State's support policies and resources to escape poverty and rise to prosperity.
Pursuant to the Resolution No. 13/2019/NQ-HDND dated July 11,2019 of the People's Council of Binh Dinh province on policies on support for cooperation in production and consumption of agricultural products in Binh Dinh province during 2019- 2025;
coaxing 
Converted shallow crops are supported: Corn, sesame, peanuts, subsidiary vegetables, legumes of all kinds. 
Information on the process of handling administrative procedures is transparent, minimizing negatives, creating favorable conditions in reviewing and simplifying procedures, reducing time and costs for state administrative agencies. "
On the shoots are brown or dark brown stains along the length of the shoots, these stains can bind together. 
Prevention measures 
In which, poor households are ethnic minority people with 1,405 households, accounting for 37.5%.
To make traditional costumes more common in the lives of ethnic minority people, raising their pride and sense of preservation and promotion of traditional costumes.
Flooding
Pursuant to the Law on Construction, Decree No. 12/2009/ND-CP, Decree No. 209/2004/ND-CP, Decree No. 49/2008/ND-CP and relevant guiding documents.
Invited
Choose 2 strong first grade branches to leave and divide in opposite directions, so that the grapes climb and distribute evenly on the truss. 
To build a strong militia and self-defense force and a strong reserve force with strengthened and enhanced potentials in the defense zone; to raise the combat readiness and training level of the district militia and self-defense force
Can you lend me some groceries tomorrow?
In particular, to attach importance to propagating the Party congresses of all levels, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party; to continue implementing and well implementing the Politburo's Directive No. 05 on stepping up the study and observance of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style as well as the Party's and the State's directives and resolutions.
The policy of contracting forests to people and communities for management and protection and contracting forest regeneration in localities has brought about many benefits, contributing to enhancing the linkage between people and forest owners and functional sectors in the protection and sustainable development of forests.
all,
I went to mow the lawn with my mother, and My went to herd the buffaloes.
Thereby, in order to well implement the work of "Gratitude, drink water to remember the source" on the 72nd anniversary of the 27.7th anniversary of war invalids and martyrs.
Joel's family had a beautiful garden. Joel's father said that his parents planted the first fruit trees in the garden more than twenty years ago. Back then it was fertile soil. Now there were cinnamon, jackfruit, mango, papaya, bananas, and gourds and squash.
Purpose, requirements: 
study well,
To meet the requirements of ensuring food safety for domestic consumption and expanding export markets under the management of the Agriculture Sector.
Determining that poverty reduction is one of the important tasks, over the years, Party committees and administrations at all levels in Vinh Thanh district have focused on directing branches, mass organizations, communes and townships to effectively implement poverty reduction programs and projects for poor and near-poor households, thereby helping many poor households escape poverty in a sustainable manner.
That's all we're waiting for.
For cashews, the seeds are the part with the greatest economic value so it is possible to harvest by picking the seeds in the ground after the fall of the fruit will ensure the highest quality seeds.
orders 
In 2018, the total area of rice in 2018 of the district was 2,370.9 ha, the yield was estimated at 57 tonnes / ha, the output of 13,513 tons.
Commune Veterinary Medicine has advised the commune People's Committee to direct and guide the villages to organize the implementation of measures to prevent and combat epidemic diseases of cattle and poultry and spray disinfectants to the villages.
Mr. Nguyen Huynh Huyen, Deputy Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Propaganda Department. 
In order to create conditions for people, especially poor households, ethnic minority households to rise in life,
The Provincial Union of Women's Unions has cooperated with the Union of Women's Unions of Vinh Thanh District to launch the model Limiting the use of plastic bags to protect the environment in Vinh Thanh Town.
crying,
Expanding services of supplying materials, fishing gears, techniques, installing and repairing maritime equipment at shipbuilding establishments.
In order to improve the effectiveness of building and launching the movement to protect national security, the police of Vinh Thanh district has proactively advised the district People's Committee to direct the strict implementation of Directives and Resolutions of superior authorities and programs for coordination in building movements in the district; guide the police of communes and townships to innovate measures to build movements.
Over the past years, the implementation of Scheme 24 of the Central Committee of the Peasants' Association on the establishment of professional branches and associations in Vinh Thanh district has been given timely leadership and direction.
The Management Board of Historical - Cultural Relics and Scenic Areas of Binh Dinh Province (referred to as the Relic Management Board) 
Determining rents of student dormitories based on the Ministry of Construction's Circular No. 15/2009/TT-BXD of June 30,2009, and Circular No. 17/2009/TT-BXD of June 30,2009.
That's why we have to protect the forest together.
Pest Prevention
The decisions of the Child Council shall be made with the consent of more than 50% of the Council's members.
Thereby, effectively contributing to the prevention and combat of crimes and social evils; mobilizing the combined strength of the entire political system and the entire population in crime prevention and combat.
(chicken) pecking (paddy) 
Storage: Removal of cracked, rotten berries will limit the infection to other product units.
They pierced the buffalo, and cut off its head, and hung it on the pillar, and divided its flesh among the people.
The system of mass media at all levels launches the emulation movement "Nice mass media" in building a new countryside.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 1603/QD-UBND dated May 09,2017 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee 
The Director of the Service of Culture, Sports and Tourism shall take charge and cooperate with relevant authorities in implementing this Circular.
tail tail
Conducting surveys to develop plans for arranging facilities and equipment
Mechanisms for implementation of investment projects on construction of student dormitories:
Provincial-level departments, sectors, mass organizations and People's Committees at all levels shall implement this Circular according to their responsibilities and management scope.
Fertilizing flowers, spring branches from 15/1 - 15/3: Protein urea + potassium. 
To step up the application of scientific advances to production in order to increase the land use coefficient, increase the value of agricultural production per unit of arable land area, successfully complete the targets of the 2019 – 2020 winter-spring crop production plan.
however,
To implement tuition fee exemption and reduction policies and support learning costs to ensure appropriate. 
Team 1
Besides, the entrusted organizations have actively directed the grassroots associations to closely coordinate with the Transaction Bureau of the Socialist Bank of the same level in effectively implementing the entrusted contents with the Socialist Bank.
To conduct inter-sectoral and inter-agency inspection and examination on the occasions of Tet holidays and the month of action for food safety according to plans of the provincial inter-sectoral steering committees for food hygiene and safety and provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services.
In her role as the head, Ms. Dung advises the Party Committee, local authorities and the superior Association to strengthen and strengthen the Executive Committee and the chapter leaders who are enthusiastic and dedicated to the Association.
Extreme Sex
The leadership capacity of the Party, the effectiveness and efficiency of management and administration activities of Party committees and administrations have been gradually improved.
cover,
Why do fires occur in March and April?
At the same time, reviewing and supplementing the master plan on reserve cadres for the 2020-2025 period, reviewing, screening and anticipating the contingent of commune and village part-time workers under Decision No. 41 of the provincial People's Committee, elaborating plans on congresses of Party Committees' branches for the 2020-2022 term and deciding on the establishment of sub-committees of the fourth congress of the Party Committee of the township for the 2020-2025 term.
Verification of budget estimates for public employee recruitment.
Natural Conditions
In recent years, Party committees, authorities and mass organizations of Vinh Thuan commune have focused on promoting propaganda, consulting and guiding people to focus on applying modern scientific and technological advances to renovating mixed gardens, investing in tending plants and animals, restructuring plants appropriately to improve economic value for the family.
If you need any help, you tell him to come over and call me.
To strengthen domestic and international exchange activities in order to learn experience and improve training qualifications
Official Dispatch No. 9048-CV/TWDTN dated 09/3/2017 of the Central Executive Committee of the Youth Union on the establishment of the pilot Children's Council model;
Funding for purchase of vaccines in 2016 shall comply with the Document No. 6136/UBND-KTN dated December 24,2015 of the People's Committee of the province on allocation of reciprocal local budget for implementation of programs and projects and purchase of vaccines for prevention and control of animal diseases in 2016.
The remaining districts, An Nhon and Quy Nhon, shall enjoy 30% of the approved construction and installation value; particularly for pumping stations, they shall enjoy 60% of the approved construction and installation value.
From the appearance of the fruit to the time of harvesting about 10 - 15 days, at this time, the woodpecker wings have a diameter of 3 - 5 cm. It is possible to pick and trim each wing or pick the whole cluster. 
Strengthening the direction to improve the efficiency of crop and crop restructuring; focusing on converting the area of low-efficiency rice production to the production of shallow crops with higher economic efficiency and continuing to convert 3 rice crops per year to 2 rice crops per year firmly.
To sustainably exploit marine products, well protect aquatic resources, achieve a moderate growth rate, attaching importance to raising the quality of preservation of products after exploitation in order to increase their value and reduce post-harvest losses.
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities.
Liver
Through this, you also noted that the Party Committee and local authorities often pay attention to the lives and circumstances of policy beneficiary families in the district, in order to provide timely assistance and help beneficiary families stabilize their lives.
sleeping,
Second and third year: (Fruit tree stage) using manure, Ure, Supe Lan, KCl, or K2SO4 fertilized in batches 
At the same time, to build the public security apparatus close to the people and devotedly serve the people; to organize, mobilize and bring into the best play the people's strength to participate in the protection of security and order.
Searching for
calves,
To increase the number of vessels calling at ports, increase fishing output through ports, ensure safe shelter and basically meet the requirements of production and people's life.
Provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments shall estimate funds for implementation of specific support policies under Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg and send them to provincial-level Finance Departments.
Request for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages
show up 
The risk of outbreaks of dangerous infectious diseases in the province's livestock herds is very high.
barrel (gun)
The provincial budget shall support localities with part of the approved construction and installation expenses for the solidification of the canal sections, including adequate support in the quantity of cement (rounded to the unit of ton of cement) and additional support in cash (million dong).
To request district inter-sectoral teams to coordinate with commune People's Committees in intensifying regular inspection of the contracted management and protection of forests, illegal exploitation and transportation of timber in communes.
The recruitment fees shall comply with Joint Circular No. 228/2016/TTLT-BTC-BNV dated November 11,2016 of the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Annual budgets of localities, ministries and sectoral administrations allocating capital construction investment capital for education and training (for project management, consultancy and other expenditures): VND 43,740 million.
In this term, Vinh Thanh district has 59 polling stations, electing 59 village chiefs and neighborhood chiefs in the area.
winding 
Information on the process of handling administrative procedures is transparent, minimizing negatives, creating favorable conditions in reviewing and simplifying procedures, reducing time and costs for state administrative agencies. "
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 01/2017/ND-CP dated January 06,2017;
Destroy
the tent,
Attending the conference were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee.
garden,
The Stone
Facilitate the growth and development of plants.
When transplanting varieties need to prepare 
In the field of health, voters proposed that poor households, despite being greatly exempted from hospital fees, still have to pay a large initial amount of money to be admitted to hospital, causing difficulties for poor households.
The Chairperson of the Council is entitled to use the seal of the People's Committee of the province, the Vice Chairperson of the Council is entitled to use the seal of the Service of Agriculture and Rural Development in the performance of their duties.
That result has proved the will, willpower and bravery of the soldiers of Mr. Ho, they are always bright examples for future generations to learn and follow.
Organize cross-sectoral inspections for the advancement of women and gender equality in agencies, units and localities during the Action Month
To intensify inspection of re - inspection at animal quarantine posts at major transport hubs, ensuring proper implementation of the prescribed quarantine process.
The following article reports on the results from the cage fish farming movement on Dinh Binh Lake.
It can be seen that studying and following the ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style of the Women's Union of Vinh Kim commune, has been forming a vibrant emulation movement, contributing to making doing according to Uncle really bring practical meaning and spiritual value for Bana women's officials and members to stick together, unite to help each other eradicate hunger and reduce poverty, build the organization of the Association more and more strong.
On the afternoon of September 30, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a conference to review the work of the 2019 Census and Housing.
All officers, teachers, employees, students and learners are required to wear face masks while they are present at the school or class; have their body temperature measured before entering the school or class.
Braided
On the afternoon of July 26, leaders of the district Party Committee, the People's Council, the People's Committee, the People's Committee of the district and representatives of departments, branches, localities and people of communes and townships in the district came to offer incense and lay wreaths to the graves of heroes and martyrs at the Martyrs Cemetery of Vinh Quang and Vinh Hao communes on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the War Invalids and Martyrs Day.
Violations of permission decisions of organizations and individuals engaged in dike-related activities (work construction, sand exploitation, etc.) shall be resolutely prevented and handled in time in accordance with law.
Total investment of the project: 
The second part.
shawl (towel) 
The People's Committees of communes and townships shall urgently coordinate with the functional branches in firmly grasping the lists of households having laborers going abroad in order to promptly inform the functional branches when they return home so as to work out measures to mobilize the prevention and combat thereof.
At the meeting, the delegates listened to the report on solutions to implementing the Resolution of the district People's Council on socio-economic development and state budget revenues and expenditures in 2020 of the district People's Committee.
The epidemic vaccination for livestock for many years has been well implemented by the commune, the people are aware of the harmful effects of the epidemic on the livestock, so the vaccination rate always reaches over 95%.
On full moon nights he would tell stories to Joel.
Field of Livestock and Veterinary Medicine
In addition, in 2019, Elderly Associations at all levels in the district celebrated the longevity of 1,450 people, including 1,230 people aged 60 to 80 and 220 people aged 80 or older.
Binh Dinh Power Company: Ensuring the best power source for the venues where the festival takes place;
Association section: Preservation and promotion of the essence of Vietnamese traditional martial arts with the theme: "Vietnam traditional martial arts - Convergence and development".
The People's Committees of communes and townships shall urgently coordinate with the functional branches in firmly grasping the lists of households having laborers going abroad in order to promptly inform the functional branches when they return home so as to work out measures to mobilize the prevention and combat thereof.
Especially, Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station, Binh Dinh Newspaper, and radio stations of districts and cities in the province will broadcast a special column on economics and culture of ethnic minorities.
According to the People's Committee of Vinh Hao commune, by the end of 2019, Vinh Hao commune had 376 poor households, accounting for 41.27%, a decrease of 5.74% compared to the previous year.
(cat) howling 
The people here now know how to apply scientific and technical advances to production, improve economic efficiency from crops.
luck,
chess sticks
rat medicine 
As of January 29, 2020, the area of rice for the 2019 - 2020 winter-spring crop has been reduced to 899.6 hectares, reaching 80.7% of the plan, some shallow crops such as peanut trees have been reduced to 41.6 hectares, reaching 53%; legumes of all kinds 774.5 hectares, reaching 146%; peppers 59.3 hectares, reaching 87%; watermelon 55.8 hectares, reaching 55%; vegetables of all kinds 90 hectares.
Participating farmers are supported 70% of breeding fish and feed
At the same time, it is expected that the collective of managers and teachers of the units will continue to devote their intellect, health and enthusiasm to becoming a bright example of ethics and job love, constantly improving their capacity and professional qualifications to develop the education of the district, worthy of the attention and care of the Party, the State and the people..
To effectively implement poverty reduction in communes.
the rack
However, with the current situation of environmental pollution in rural areas, this is a difficult criterion to implement in the criteria for building a new countryside.
It is remarkable that since 2009, Resolution 30a of the Government has been implemented in 62 poor districts, which has blown a new wind into the lives of people in the mountainous district of Vinh Thanh.
shouting,
Identify the specialty products of each region that bring high economic efficiency.
Activities at the local base 
Therefore, in recent years, vocational training for poor and rural laborers has always been paid special attention by the Party, authorities and functional branches of Vinh Thanh district.
According to the general data of the Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control and Search and Rescue of the district, in Vinh Hoa commune there was a collapsed house, in Vinh Son the wind collapsed a net house and damaged 500m2 vegetable,
Issue invitations to delegates, verify the list of domestic and international delegations to attend the festival.
Organize activities once a month
On enhancing the State management work:
Yôl is very proud of his buffalo. It is very big, has long horns, strong legs and long silky fur. Yôl's buffalo often defeats other buffaloes. Therefore, Yôl takes care of the buffalo very carefully. He often chooses the young grass, the clearest puddles for the buffalo to eat.
removal (water) 
At first I could only buy one buffalo, two breeding pigs.
If I don't get better in the morning, I'll go to the infirmary.
Rural production and business establishments causing environmental pollution:
the other day,
On the morning of July 23, the Continuing Education Center of Vinh Thanh District held the Opening Ceremony of the Mushroom Growing and Breeding Vocational Training Class in 2019 for 70 students who are Youth Union members of Vinh Son Commune.
teacher worship 
At the meeting, the delegates listened to the report on solutions to implementing the Resolution of the district People's Council on socio-economic development and state budget revenues and expenditures in 2020 of the district People's Committee.
To develop in - depth export processing with new technologies and upgrade aquatic product processing establishments for export.
folding 
Proactively advise the authorities to effectively solve all aspects of work as well as ensure security in the area.
During the new term 2020 - 2025, the Communist Party of communes aims to further improve the leadership capacity and combat strength of grassroots Party organizations and the quality of Party members; promote democracy and the strength of the great unity bloc of the entire people; be dynamic, creative, mobilize and effectively use all resources for fast and sustainable socio-economic development; build communes to meet new rural standards.
Part III: Informatics 30 questions as required by the job position. Examination time: 30 minutes.
Article 1. Promulgating together with this Decision the Plan for recruitment of public employees working in lower secondary education institutions, primary education institutions and preschools in 2019.
According to Dinh Khu, Vice Chairman of the commune People's Committee, said: With the determination of the entire political apparatus and the consensus of the people in the commune, it has initially brought about a positive effect to create a practical movement of emulation and action of all people of all strata in NTM construction.
On this occasion, the district People's Committee awarded certificates of merit to 16 team members with outstanding achievements in learning and teamwork in the academic year 2019 - 2020.
The Relic Management Board has the function to assist the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism in managing, preserving, repairing and restoring the relics.
ignoble
Snake Water
Although the size of the farm is not large, but each year gives income from 100 to 200 million VND.
Pursuant to the Law on State budget dated June 25, 2015;
In order to proactively prevent and control the epidemic, Vinh Thanh district has actively directed sectors and localities to implement the epidemic prevention.
Organize training courses on legal knowledge and PBGDPL skills, especially PBGDPL skills for special subjects
We have a lot of firewood.
At the end of the course, 100% of students are granted vocational certificates.
I'll help you if you need anything.
To raise the capacity of research into and production of agricultural and forestry plant varieties, animal breeds and aquatic breeds (below referred to as plant varieties and animal breeds for short)
I'll be back tomorrow.
Collect and use the recruitment fees as prescribed.
The implementation of programs and projects, particularly the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies in Vinh Thanh district, has always had good coordination among all levels and branches in the implementation process.
Lighting 
Conditions for participation
the trap,
Technical process of planting and caring turquoise trees
The work of building prosperous, progressive and happy families has always been deeply concerned by the village's Campaign Board and achieved many positive results.
Deploy and organize activities of the local Children's Council.
On 23.4.2020, the Chairman of the district People's Committee issued a written request to the Division of Education and Training, Vinh Thanh District Center for Vocational Education and Training, Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for Early Childhood Education; Vinh Thanh High School in cooperation with the People's Committees of communes and towns to organize the return of students to school after the suspension period to prevent and combat Covid-19.
I would like to ask the People's Committee of the province why land has not been recovered so far? When to continue recovering land allocated to people.
Members of the Communist Party were awarded the Communist Party badge in this period, including 2 members who were awarded the Communist Party badge at 60 years old; 1 member who was awarded the Communist Party badge at 55 years old; 6 members who were awarded the Communist Party badge at 50 years old; 11 members who were awarded the Communist Party badges at 30 years old, 40 years old and 45 years old.
Traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages recognized under decisions of provincial-level People's Committees :
Sweeping floods and landslides often occur in the mountainous communes of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim
Regarding tourists: By 2025, 7.4 million tourist arrivals will be received, including 1 million international arrivals, with an annual average growth rate of 6.3%.
Therefore, the rainy regime suitable for fruiting cashew trees is two seasons, rainy season and dry season distinctly distinguished and dry lasting 4-5 months. During the rainy season, cashew trees grow, accumulate nutrients so that when entering the dry season will produce favorable fruiting. 
Decision on Establishment of the Provincial Project Administration Board for "Strategy for development and deployment of the system of resources for supporting initiatives to improve literacy eradication capacity in Vietnam"
I don't know.
Most concerns in the management-BVR work in Vinh Thanh district are that in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim and Vinh Hao communes, there are often professional forest robbers in some neighboring localities to villages in order to entice and collude with local people to illegally exploit, trade in and transport timber.
At the conference, the delegates focused on discussing the action program, highly agreed on the tasks and solutions set out in the spirit of high responsibility, determination to successfully implement the Resolution of the district People's Council on socio-economic development tasks and state budget estimates in 2020.
On 26/01/2018, the provincial People's Committee issued Document No. 479 on the allocation of funds for the measurement, making of cadastral records, land registration and grant of certificates.
In addition, the natural forest area has been contracted in the commune of 7,198.9 ha (including 5,287.9 ha under Resolution 30a and 1,911 ha under the Jica2 project).
Harp 
fence panels
- To coordinate with the Offices of the provincial Party Committees and the Offices of the provincial People's Committees in welcoming the Central Committee deputies;
ghost
On the morning of March 2, the district People's Committee held a briefing on COVID-19 prevention and control 
Using high-quality beef cattle breeds: Red Angus, BBB artificially bred on the background of F2 Zebu or higher hybrid cows to create high-quality meat-oriented hybrid calves for meat farming.
tree lim 
For the implementation of the Resolution of the district Party Committee and the district People's Council on the 2020 socio-economic development plan, right from the beginning of the year, the district People's Committee has focused on directing the comprehensive, synchronous and drastic implementation of the tasks and solutions of the 2020 socio-economic development plan and state budget estimates.
depressed 
People's living standards improved significantly, there were no more hungry households, and the number of poor households decreased from 3 to 5% annually.
go ahead,
This is the amount of money raised by the Vietnamese People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District from agencies, units, organizations and many individuals in the district to support Covid-19 prevention and control.
Leaders of relevant departments are members including Department of Planning and Investment, Department of Finance, Department of Industry and Trade, Department of Natural Resources and Environment, Department of Construction and Department of Statistics of the province.
The district People's Committees shall regularly direct the revision of legal documents close to the practical situation.
objection,
In 12 affiliated sub-departments, there are 6 sub-departments that have implemented the consolidation of the title of secretary of the sub-department cum village chief.
Article 7. Direct funding supports specified in decisions on recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages
Varieties of subsidiary vegetables: VND 4,000,000/ha (including leafy vegetables, fruit vegetables, medicinal plants, short-term spices, etc.)
Decision on approval of the Scheme for establishment of the Binh Dinh Provincial Children's Council in the 2017 - 2020 period
Children in the Council express their opinions, proposals and recommendations.
Before planting: Brush all manure, phosphorus and lime powder.
Inorganic fertilizer: when the soil is moist, just spread the fertilizer on the ground according to the projection of the canopy 20 - 30 cm away from the root, then water it to dissolve the fertilizer. When it is dry, it is necessary to dissolve the fertilizer in water for irrigation or spread the fertilizer according to the projection of the canopy, lightly till the soil and water it.
Members of the Steering Committee shall be named as follows :
is still,
After planting, use an umbrella to water the seedling evenly. Water the soil with moist water twice a day (early morning and cool afternoon), make a roof truss to avoid direct sunlight and heavy rain to rot the plant.
To attract capable investors to implement projects in Nhon Hoi economic zone, focusing on tourism, services, urban centers and industries; to advise on the formulation and implementation of policies to encourage marine economic development in economic zones and industrial parks.
squirrel
I took him to the clothing store.
On the morning of December 26, the District Women's Union held a conference to implement the 2020 task orientations.
The provincial budget shall support the annual reserve of 500 tons of certified rice varieties.
piss,
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns, cities and relevant agencies and organizations shall implement this Decision from the date of signing./. 
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities
The prestigious delegation of ethnic minority people in Van Canh district recently visited, studied and exchanged experiences in Vinh Thanh district.
whipped
Timely solve complex problems that emerge from the base, not to be passive, unexpected. 
It is known that there is one Dai Doan unity house that has been accepted and put into use, the remaining houses are speeding up the construction progress to early acceptance and handover at the end of November and December 2019.
At the same time, emphasizing some key tasks that schools need to perform to ensure school safety is to continue to promote extensive propaganda about the complicated developments of the Covid-19 epidemic on the school's radio system, instruct students to keep hygiene, wash their hands regularly with soap and hand sanitizer, wear masks and do not communicate in large crowds.
The Elephant went on: 
To coordinate with communication agencies in organizing extensive and intensive propagation of credit policies for agricultural and rural development for all levels, branches, organizations and individuals to grasp and understand, thus creating high consensus.
In addition to helping people get out of poverty by promoting local internal resources, Party committees, authorities, associations and mass organizations, they are also interested in effectively exploiting the State's support programs and projects.
In addition, on this occasion, the Provincial Statistics Office also presented Certificates of Merit to 2 collectives and 8 individuals; Vinh Thanh District People's Committee also presented Certificates of Merit to 7 collectives and 10 individuals who excellently completed their tasks in the 2019 Census.
Stage 2 from the 18th Party Congress of the district to the completion of the 20th Party Congress of the province.
Therefore, the movement of emulation for study promotion and talent promotion has developed in both width and depth, the organizational system of the association has been consolidated, consolidated and spread throughout from mountainous and highland communes to communes and townships in the district, becoming the association with the highest percentage of membership.
Contract for propaganda work for the festival. 
Decision No. 4749/QD-UBND dated 29/12/2015 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province
pissed
It was brighter, higher, greener.
and mobilize other legal resources to carry out these activities.
One of the activities that many members participate in is to build a savings model to help poor members in life.
Phu My district: VND 1, 854, 800, 000 
According to the current regulations of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province.
The heads of the provincial/municipal services, departments and branches, the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and provincial towns and the heads of the concerned agencies shall organize the thorough study of every official, soldier, public servant, employee, laborer and people who well perform the work of dyke management and get ready for dyke maintenance and flood and storm combat in their respective provinces.
For protection activities and services of the Relic Management Board, the payroll shall not be allocated.
To assign the Party's grassroots organizations to concentrate on leading the successful performance of socio-economic tasks and ideological orientations, ensuring stability and unity within the Party and consensus among people.
I ran to get her some water from the spring.
About the...
graveyards
Let's hear it for you.
Participating in the study, the Party members have thoroughly grasped the theme of strengthening the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system according to Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style.
At the request of the Provincial Committee for Ethnic Minorities Affairs in the Statement No. 150/TTr-BDT dated March 29,2017,
To effectively implement the target program on hunger elimination and poverty alleviation for ethnic minority people
The Barnabas set fires in the inner house, and hung gongs, gongs, drums, bows, arrows, and spears.
Loss of legal capacity or limited legal capacity;
When the trees have shed most of the top leaves (there are about 6 - 9 leaves) and the leaves turn from green to light yellow, then proceed to harvest. Harvest to transport to processing facilities, avoid long exposure or sun exposure in the field for more than 24 hours to reduce the starch content in the tubers.
Students wishing to rent houses shall make applications, certified by training institutions, and sign house lease contracts with units managing the operation of student dormitories.
The care and protection of mothers and children and family planning are maintained regularly.
rescue
Over the past time, Vinh Thuan commune health station has always well implemented primary health care and protection activities for people, the propagation and implementation of national health programs in the commune achieved high results..
Agility
In Kon Đruch village, Uncle Nam is the best farmer.
Models of scientific and technological application have been contributing to agricultural economic restructuring suitable to the conditions of mountainous, deep-lying and remote areas in the district.
On the afternoon of January 16, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a ceremony to award Party badges to 20 Party members of the district Party Committee.
Love for work, enthusiasm and creativity in work, that is the story of teacher Le Thi Thuy Ha - Biology teacher of Vinh Thanh High School.
Before each crop, Vinh Thanh district sends agricultural officials to share the field, coordinate with the local government to organize training for people how to make soil, soak seedlings, fertilize and care processes.
Promoting its role as a center for building great national unity, the Party Central Committee of Vietnam in Vinh Thanh district has actively mobilized people to participate in building stronger and stronger administrations, properly implementing grassroots democracy regulations, contributing to successfully achieving socio-economic development objectives in the locality.
To achieve such results,
cowboy
badly,
Total number of cows mated with high-quality beef semen from 2015 to 2020: 110,500 cows
To mobilize the participation of departments, branches, associations and mass organizations in mobilizing people to take COVID-19 prevention and control measures
step by step
Advising on the implementation of tasks and activities of the PBGDPL Coordination Councils at all levels
That way, you turn left to go to Nhon's house.
The presiding agency: Department of Justice, People's Court of province.
skimmed
- The provincial / municipal Planning and Investment Services shall coordinate with the provincial / municipal Finance Services and Culture and Sports Services in arranging the provincial budget funding plans, and at the same time mobilize financial sources inside and outside the province for the festivals.
CHAPTER II
Advising the Provincial People's Committee to organize the Launching Ceremony of the Provincial Action Month 2017 on November 14, 2017
That's right! Are you free later?
• As a result, the local economy will annually grow at a fairly high rate; social security will be ensured, the average rate of poor households will annually decrease by 3 - 5%; cultural, healthcare and education will step by step develop; political security and social order and safety will be firmly maintained; and the political system will operate effectively and efficiently.
Over the years, the education and training work to improve the intellectual standards of ethnic minority people has always been paid attention to by the authorities at all levels.
The provincial-level Ethnic Minority Committee shall coordinate with the provincial-level Culture, Sports and Tourism Department and concerned departments, branches and mass organizations in :
In recent years the weather has been abnormal, often occurring storms, floods and droughts.
Sesame seeds are dried in 1-2 more sunshine (about 13% hydrogen content) then consumed or put in storage. 
rod hut
squirrel
To facilitate the provision of financial supports for re-population breeding establishments, building disease-free, food-safe and biosafe breeding establishments and forming breeding cooperative groups and cooperatives to participate in the chain of linkage in production and consumption of animal products, helping to stabilize output products.
The total number of accommodation rooms is estimated at 26, 000. 
Based on the assigned tasks and powers and the specific situation of agencies, units and localities,
Those who defected to the army, those who stayed were revolutionary establishments, wholeheartedly supported, helped the resistance,
Then what to do?
Binh Dinh Newspaper: Build a column, take the initiative in reporting, introducing and propagating the 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts in 2019 on printed newspapers and online newspapers before, during and after the festival.
Article 3. This Decision takes effect on July 1,2009 and replaces a number of relevant provisions of Decision No. 123/2006/QD-UBND dated November 14,2006 of the provincial People's Committee.
Not only looking forward to the support of the State, the people of Vinh Thanh have promoted the spirit of self-reliance, striving to rise and effectively use these support sources.
Deploying and operating the model after the launch of the Children's Council 
- He/she obtains at least 50 marks in round 2;
mountain forest
Responding to and participating in activities at the central level
To pay attention to the issues of humanities and traditional cultures of ethnic minority groups, to be close to and understand the customs and practices and voices of ethnic minority people.
So far, we've done it ourselves.
letting go,
Every place is beautiful, but my favorite is the Ethnology Museum.
On the approval of the framework program on "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" activities
In 2010: "Vietnamese National Day of Ethnic Culture" was organized in Binh Dinh and the activities and events combined a series of events and national anniversary in 2010
speed up,
In which, the area of rice in the Winter-Spring crop is 69 hectares, reaching 100% of the plan; Summer-Autumn crop is 174 hectares, reaching 96.1% of the plan; Rice area is 62 hectares, the estimated yield is 23.5 tonnes per hectare. Some shallow crops are also put into production such as wheat 395 hectares, mango 374 hectares; acacia 367 hectares; rubber 40 hectares; bamboo shoots, bamboo plantations 5 hectares; passion fruit 10 hectares; macadamia 6.7 hectares and safe vegetables 2 hectares.
At the same time, you also wish the members of the Party to live exemplary, continue to contribute to the Party, to the homeland by specific and practical actions.
Currently, these peach trees are growing well, the last Tet has flowering 
I have nothing to offer.
In order to well implement the Campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized urban areas in communes"
Sometimes he would go with him to trap animals.
Results of implementation of the Resolution of the Party congresses at all levels for the 2015 - 2020 tenure, the Resolution of the XIIth Party Congress and the Resolution of the 4th plenum of the XIIth Party Central Committee on strengthening the Party's building and restructuring; preventing and repelling the recession in political ideology, ethics, lifestyle and internal "self - evolving" and "self - transforming" manifestations.
What if,
To build a strong armed force for fishermen and all economic sectors to produce and exploit natural resources.
It's a long way, and you have to go through many deep streams and mountains to get to the hunt.
Prune flowers, dip fruiting medicine, prune fruits 
From there, contribute to solving jobs and income for laborers in rural areas.
Besides, strengthening the patrol, inspection and blocking of key areas of deforestation and forest encroachment to not generate new forests as well as the areas that have been cut down for self-regeneration into forests. People are not allowed to cultivate on the violated areas.
Loan interest rate support under Point m, Clause 2, Article 7 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province's Decision No. 46/2015/QD-UBND of December 25,2015
Organize at least one thematic program for children to reflect their thoughts, aspirations and proposals to members of the Children's Council;
The dissemination of legal documents on forest management and protection and forest fire prevention and fighting has been paid attention to. Functional agencies have organized 12 dissemination drives, attracting 808 participants.
On the afternoon of May 5, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district held a conference to review the recruitment and call-up of citizens for conscription and service in the People's Public Security Force in 2020.
Great, I'm going to the market too.
I decided I had to find him.
To build navigable channels to Nhon Hoi port; to upgrade navigable channels to Quy Nhon port.
At the same time, the Congress also elected a delegation of 11 comrades to attend the 18th Party Congress of Vinh Thanh district, the term 2020- 2025.
In addition to providing irrigation water for tens of thousands of hectares of agricultural land, Dinh Binh Lake is also a favorable environment for Vinh Thanh people to develop freshwater fish farming.
loneliness,
wishing down 
Vinh Thanh district has 56 extremely difficult villages, so the lives of the majority of people are still poor, especially ethnic minority people.
On the preservation and promotion of Vietnamese traditional martial arts in general and Binh Dinh traditional martial arts in particular.
By noon, we'd finished weeding the corn.
Perforating
The trend of globalization and internationalization requires Vietnam to pay more attention to the exercise of children's rights, including the right to participation.
road,
wipe off
Recently, the Forest Protection Department of Vinh Thanh district has coordinated with the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development, the Division of Natural Resources and Environment to make statistics and review the land fund of each locality, organize surveys and advise the district People's Committee to propose competent authorities to plan and change the use purpose of forestry land to agricultural production land for resettled households lacking production land.
from (disease) 
Mr. Nguyen Van Long, Head of Agriculture and Rural Development Division of Vinh Thanh District, said: Among 38 households participating in safe vegetable cultivation under the project, 29 ethnic minority households are supported 100% of the costs of soil, fertilizer, varieties, the remaining households are supported vegetable varieties
At the same time, in order to help the youth effectively and properly use capital sources, the Association annually appoints its members and young people who are good economists to participate in training courses on scientific and technical transfer organized by districts and localities.
Children under 6 years old
Thanks to access to loans, many farmers in Vinh Thanh district have risen up to escape poverty sustainably and stabilize their lives.
70% support for 2 midland districts: Hoai An and Tay Son.
braided (rope) 
Kon Đruch Village. 
more than,
In this army assignment, Vinh Thanh district has 58 young people enlisting in the army, including 8 young people performing the People's Public Security service
The organization of environmental sanitation self-management teams in villages and hamlets is quite feasible.
The following article by Xuan Dung noted the changes in the lives of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district from the support programs of the Party and the State.
The program is prioritized to be implemented on key national plants and domestic animals according to documents prescribed by competent authorities.
Recognized craft villages: Support is equal to 5 times the base salary.
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee's People's Counseling Board shall concentrate on propagating and stepping up the work of the administration's People's Counseling, well implementing the grassroots democracy regulation; continue implementing policies suitable to people of all strata, religions and ethnicities; step up patriotic emulation movements, focusing on the "Nice People's Counseling" emulation movement in association with learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style; build the entire nation's great unity bloc, build a clean and strong political system, contributing to socio-economic development, firmly maintaining national defense and security and protecting social security in the district in 2020.
Mr. Ho Xuan Cuong - Head of Professional Education Department of the Department of Education and Training.
Not difficult. If knit skillfully, it is fast and beautiful. If knit awkwardly, it is long finished and bad. 
Loans granted to poor households, near-poor households, disadvantaged students, job creation, clean water and environmental sanitation in rural areas, etc. and other beneficiaries of incentive policies
Sniffing
Every year, the Association organizes for women to study the contents of the emulation movement "Women actively study, creatively work, build happy families" in association with mobilizing members to study and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh by specific jobs.
Central Rural Development Center of Hue University of Agriculture and Forestry provides training in safe vegetable growing techniques in Vinh Son Commune
The Party Committee of Vinh Thanh town held a conference to summarize the work in 2019 and implement the tasks in 2020
Article 7. Support for purchase of super-purpose rice varieties
The next day, the monkeys went into the field and ate cassava.
short,
Cinnamon
The major viewpoints, undertakings and orientations stated in the draft documents of the XVIIIth Party Congress of the district Party Committee, the XXth Party Congress of the province and the XIIIth Party Congress, especially the orientations and tasks of building and defending the Fatherland in the subsequent years, continue to step up industrialization, modernization and international integration.
bulky 
- The heads of the concerned provincial/municipal Services, branches, agencies and units and the presidents of the People's Committees of districts, provincial/municipal towns and cities,
the scissors
Ready forces, means and equipment for evacuation, search and rescue; review and adjust the fire prevention and fighting plan in accordance with the actual situation.
NQ Series
Binh Dinh's reservoirs were built mainly in the 1975 - 1995 period.
The total estimated investment capital for Le Van Canh martial art furnace is VND 15 million from the provincial budget, including costumes and weapons for performances.
wear (bag) 
As a result, to facilitate the acceleration of economic growth and improve the living standards of people in the commune.
This is the second time the survey has been conducted nationwide, to reflect the socio-economic situation of 53 ethnic minorities in order to compile statistical indicators of the national statistical indicator system and the statistical indicator system on ethnic work.
Water regulation in citrus orchards should be reasonable, especially at the time of fruiting, it is necessary to keep sufficient moisture when the garden is dry and timely drainage when the garden is stagnant.
Fertilization method: Fertilize organic fertilizer: dig trenches around the trees in the shape of the canopy with the surface of the trench 30 - 40 cm wide, 20 - 25 cm deep, spread fertilizer, fill the soil and water the moisture. Or can dig 3 trenches in the shape of a towel rim around the canopy to fertilize, the next year to fertilize the rest.
Article 2. To annul Article 11 of the Regulation on coordination in the management of craft villages and rural trades
Directors of provincial - level Culture, Sports and Tourism Departments shall guide, direct and inspect the implementation of this Regulation.
relatives 
Thus, the socio-economic situation in ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district has seen a marked change.
Note: Use the drug according to the concentration specified in the drug label.
As well as donors participating in financing and investing in the implementation of the Scheme's items,
Then we went to visit the One Pillar Pagoda, the Hoan Kiem Lake, the Zoo.
Guys, have another drink.
in hospitals
The empty house represents the prosperity of the village.
The reassignment of full - time police officers to Commune Police posts aims to effectively implement the Political Bureau's Resolution No. 22 of March 15, 2018, on further renewing and reorganizing the apparatus of the Ministry of Public Security into a streamlined, effective and efficient one.
Department of Education and Training
outside,
if,
The State is interested in upgrading and opening bypasses in Vinh Thanh township; at present, some people resettled in KLót Pók street are subject to the first relocation but so far there are no red books; requesting the State to allow people to exploit glue for the second time in the old K10, sub-zone 155, in the protection forest.
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall organize the vaccination against avian influenza, FMD and swine fever in 2016 according to the plan of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
As of December 31, 2019, 100% of the Party Committees of Vinh Thuan commune have successfully organized the Congress of Party Committees for the term 2020 - 2022.
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh district will continue to effectively implement state investment sources in ethnic minority areas.
Over the years, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has always paid special attention to the construction and adjustment of the Party
On this occasion, the Women's Committee, the Trade Union of the Office of the Provincial People's Committee gave 1 set of computers and 1 printer to the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa Commune, 1 set of speakers to M6 Village and 120 gifts to disadvantaged students, poor women and households with special difficulties, the total amount of gifts worth more than VND 30 million.
Worms cause sporadic harm to individual trees or to localized areas of the garden. On one tree can harm only a few branches. When the tree is severely damaged, the leaves are yellowed and fall off, the branches or stems gradually dry out and die. 
Waiting for...
Thanks to the implementation of the policy on forest allocation and protection, people have an additional income when joining hands to keep the forest.
There are many good singing birds such as: ringed, dragon, ground cuckoo but ringed birds sing the best.
compliments,
Waste after collection has not been properly treated, only stopped at burning garbage, causing air pollution.
wear ring
The movement has had a positive impact on economic and socio-cultural development as the tradition of solidarity and national ethics are promoted to become internal resources to help each other "Hunger eradication and poverty reduction", "Gratitude reciprocation".
This helps plants concentrate nutrients to grow tall, later the garden care is easy, fruit collection is also favorable.
Wire to secure branches to the truss using soft wires capable of self-decomposition. 
Coordinating agencies: Departments, sectors, provincial mass organizations and relevant agencies and organizations.
The thief...
Time and place: 20h00 on August 11, 2019 at Nguyen Tat Thanh Square, Quy Nhon City.
lustful
It was a long time ago. The Barnabas were the first to come here.
What is cleaved with?
Initially, the district has identified areas likely to be severely affected by natural disasters,
Mr. Nguyen Thuc Dinh, Deputy Director of Department of Planning and Investment;
(flowers) fresh 
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
To coordinate with provincial delegations and concerned agencies in establishing, maintaining and organizing the operation of the Children's Councils.
How many days is a month?
In 2019, the commune also coordinated to well organize the Reproductive Health Care Campaign achieved and exceeded a number of assigned targets.
- To apply the form of self-implementation if they are fully capable as prescribed by law or appoint contractors for consultancy, construction and installation and equipment procurement contracts;
Pursuant to the Circular No. 03/2014/TT-BTTTT dated March 11,2014 of the Ministry of Information and Communications.
Detected and documented 6 cases of illegal forestry land encroachment with a total area of 8,170 m2 in Ha Ri, Vinh Tho and Ta Let villages.
- To organize the transportation of delegations to and from activities, arrange and guide tourists to visit historical and cultural relics and scenic places in the province;
Pests: Prevention of major pests such as grey worms at the stage of seedlings, red spiders, green worms, stem borers, beetles... early and timely. Requirement for spraying preventive drugs to ensure safety for users.
Post-inspection of the observance of food safety regulations ( borax in fish balls, industrial dyes in fish sauce, agar impurities in raw shrimp...).
Pursuant to Decision No. 134/QD-BNN-QLCL dated January 08,2020 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
forever,
In addition, through cultivation and husbandry models, direct technical training for local officials, improving the technical level for local officials and people on agricultural production, mastering the technological process of advanced breeding and cultivation techniques.
Twisted
As of 31 December 2019, the total capital of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies reached 265 billion VND, an increase of 19.4 billion VND; loan turnover of 108.7 billion VND; debt revenue of 98.1 billion VND.
Self-governing organizations have been receiving the support and active participation of the people, making an important contribution to social prevention, limiting the causes and conditions of crimes and social evils.
Two... two...
Along with that, the association built a collective economic model in Dinh Nhat branch, thereby contributing to improving production efficiency in the association organization.
From the beginning of this year, the People's Committee of Vinh Son Commune has developed 02 forest inspection and sweep plans and participated in monitoring at the posts of the forest owners; Coordinated with the Forest Protection Department of the district and the forest owners to organize 22 inspections and sweeps to protect forests.
The association has built two sections for women self-management of environmental sanitation in two villages of Dinh Tri and Ta Diek, the flower road section of Ta Diek village has 451 sisters participated, the commune Women's Union has coordinated with the district Division of Natural Resources and Environment to collect and classify waste and treat waste at home with 65 households participated.
Article 2. To assign directors of provincial - level Culture and Sports Departments to assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with heads of concerned departments, sectors and localities in, organizing the implementation of this Circular.
Promote tourism; train and develop human resources for tourism.
that,
picking
In addition, the M2 Village Women's Union also deployed for members to register to implement the clean 5 no 3 family model.
Preferential mechanisms for investors of projects on dormitories for students:
Make sure you cook the rice.
Vinh Thanh is a remote and deep-lying district of Binh Dinh province.
To assess, recognize and build communes up to the standards of legal access under Decision No. 619/QD-TTg and Circular No. 07/2017/TT-BTP dated July 28,2017 of the Minister of Justice in association with building a new countryside.
To direct units to dismantle public roads in service of the construction of works obstructing flows (blast dams, traffic bridges, dikes) before August 31, 2020
Decision No. 4317/QD-UBND dated November 17, 2017 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province promulgating the Plan for development of logistics services in Binh Dinh province by 2025.
The opinions and proposals related to the undertakings and policies of the Party, the State and the delegations of provincial National Assembly deputies shall be summed up and submitted to the National Assembly in the coming session.
On June 15, Mr. Dinh Drin had a meeting with voters of Vinh Thanh town. 
To direct the implementation and management of projects under the Program invested by their attached units according to regulations.
Sightseeing, exchange and performance venues must be beautifully decorated, civilized and polite.
Hey, hey, hey.
head,
As a place to keep the traditional values of the village, the empty house is kept very carefully.
Capital sources: To comply with the Prime Minister's Decision No. 65/2009/QD-TTg of April 24,2009:
Uh, no, sir.
Small enterprises: The subsidy shall not exceed VND 75 million per enterprise (the sublet area shall not exceed 2,500 m2 per enterprise).
The Association's movements are deployed more effectively and effectively, creating a good environment for the youth to train, experience, promote the spirit of shock, volunteerism and creativity, participate in socio-economic development and national defense.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the directors of the Agriculture and Rural Development Service, the Finance Service, the Planning and Investment Service and the Industry and Trade Service; and the director of the provincial State Treasury;
Micro-enterprises: The subsidy shall not exceed VND 30 million per enterprise (the sublet area shall not exceed 1,000 m2 per enterprise).
Rings
yeast (alcohol) 
Let the doctor give you something else.
Out in the yard, Joel's father was talking to a stranger.
The forest gives us wood to build houses, firewood to cook.
Newspapers
Rhinoceros
In 2019, in our province, natural disasters are complicated and unpredictable in the extreme direction. 
Cutting
Highlights in the first 6 months of 2019, despite many difficulties due to the impact of complicated weather developments and the general difficulty of the country's economy, under the leadership of the district Party Committee, the administration of the district People's Committee, the situation of socio-economic development in the district continues to develop stably.
seat belt
Forestry 
Weaving
Density and planting distance: Actual production of cashew shows that many gardens planted thick, after thinning yields are still not high because cashews are light-loving trees, foliage thrives in the early years, when planted too thick trees will be tall with narrow foliage, sparse despite pruning the trees, the foliage still does not grow wide. 
Her efforts contributed significantly to the achievements of the school in particular and the education of Vinh Thanh district in general.
Along with the implementation of the movement of farmer households with good production and business, the movement of emulation farmers to ensure national defense and security, farmer associations at all levels in the district have positively responded to promote the movement of emulation farmers to build a new countryside.
In this army assignment, Vinh Thanh district has 58 young people enlisting in the army, including 8 young people performing the People's Public Security service
In general, the election work in Vinh Thanh district has taken place smoothly, voters urgently go to the election sites to elect candidates with sufficient qualities, ethics and capabilities to the title of village or neighborhood chief for the 2019-2021 term.
These health stations have been fully equipped with essential medicines for routine medical examination for people.
wipe off
Soil-covered trees also work as root cabinets but have a wider range, not only limited to the base of the tree. Soil-covered trees can be green manure such as yellow flowers, air... or some legumes. 
GFs
Evaluation of effectiveness of PBGDPL according to Circular No. 03/2018/TT-BTP dated March 10,2018 of the Minister of Justice
Yôl asked,
hardworking,
And for the 4th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts held in Binh Dinh province in early August 2012.
invalid
Annually, maintaining the consolidation, preliminary review and evaluation of the model's activities.
Numbness
Pursuant to the Circular No. 51/2014/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 27,2014 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
The object of the project is the traditional martial arts show. 
There are 100% of households using the national grid, 100% of households using hygienic daily-life water.
lawn mower 
From 2014 until now, the District Veterans Association has promoted the support of members to develop family economy.
Mr. Luong Dinh Tien, Standing Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Union;
With the careful preparation in all aspects of the District Military Service Board, the careful preparation of all levels, branches, especially the District Military Service Board, in general, the military handover and receipt this year took place smoothly and safely.
To ensure the effective implementation of teaching plans, proactive and active in Covid-19 prevention and control
Organization of implementation 
Busy
trapped,
Through the first morning, the majority of people agreed to respond and said that this is a right decision to ensure the health of people, as well as the best way to prevent the spread of the disease.
Contents of the project
squirrel
I'm not gonna eat you, I'll help you if you need anything.
punch,
Mr. Truong Dong Hai, Deputy Director of the Department of Culture and Sports.
picking
The management and protection of forests are paid attention to.
To preserve and promote traditional cultural values in the sea and islands.
to say,
TECHNOLOGY
Proactively ready to organize the epidemic control and destruction of infected and suspected animals upon the occurrence of epidemic in the locality under the guidance of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
As a result, Bana people in the district have mastered the hybrid rice intensive farming process and applied it to production, bringing high economic efficiency.
release 
To promulgate together with this Decision the Regulation on adjustment and supplementation of a number of contents 
Conditions for supporting children to participate in activities of the Children's Council
Simultaneously with cholera vaccination, the pigs will be vaccinated against pasteurellosis and paratyphoid, contributing to reducing the damage caused by blue ear disease.
Twenty-five
greed (eat) 
Participating in the formulation and appraisal of component projects
Reheater
For planting with nurseries: If the surface of the field is still flat, not broken structure, active irrigation, cut close to the stump, cover the crop on the field surface.
wicked,
In which, the area of rice in the Winter-Spring crop is 69 hectares, reaching 100% of the plan; Summer-Autumn crop is 174 hectares, reaching 96.1% of the plan; Rice area is 62 hectares, the estimated yield is 23.5 tonnes per hectare. Some shallow crops are also put into production such as wheat 395 hectares, mango 374 hectares; acacia 367 hectares; rubber 40 hectares; bamboo shoots, bamboo plantations 5 hectares; passion fruit 10 hectares; macadamia 6.7 hectares and safe vegetables 2 hectares.
for,
- The provincial Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees, the provincial Women's Unions, the provincial Youth Unions, the provincial Peasants' Associations and concerned organizations;
Opening ceremony: 
I don't want to eat.
rooster chick
extreme hard,
Mr. Bui Quoc Anh, Deputy Head of Department of Education Quality Management - Continuing Education, Department of Education and Training
Attending the Congress were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee; Mr. Luong Dinh Tien, Chairman of the Provincial Vietnam Youth Union; Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee, Chairman of the District People's Council, Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the District People's Committee and especially the presence of 120 official delegates representing 5,195 youths of the whole district.
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall be responsible for mobilizing local resources and efficiently using provincial and central assistance sources to mitigate consequences of natural disasters in 2019, stabilize people's lives and production, and deploy natural disaster preparedness and recovery in 2020. To be specific:
sad,
Her efforts contributed significantly to the achievements of the school in particular and the education of Vinh Thanh district in general.
Vaccine vaccination remuneration shall be paid by animal raisers under the Finance Ministry's Circular No. 04/2012/TT-BTC of January 5,2012, prescribing the collection, remittance, management and use of veterinary charges and fees.
In order to further study and follow Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in the coming time, especially the implementation of study subjects in 2020, the Party Committee of Vinh Hiep commune has formulated a plan for implementation, focusing on leading and promoting the combined strength of cadres, party members and the people in the course of performing tasks.
You, uh...
Members of the reconciliation team shall always be close to each other, grasp and settle most of contradictions arising within the people, settle in a stable manner contradictions and strife among the people, contributing to ensuring security and order and consolidating the great national unity bloc.
you — many people
In which 100% of commune health stations have doctors.
Head of Department:
squirrel
Squirting
cuddle,
I took the pills, but it didn't go away.
Article 2. This Decision annuls 04 administrative procedures in the crop production sector under the management of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh Province announced in the Decision No. 84/QD-UBND dated January 09,2019 of the President of the People's Committee of the province (Appendix 02 enclosed herewith).
Currently, Vinh Hoa commune has 449 times of households borrowing loans with total outstanding debt of over VND 17,200 million from various programs and projects of the Bank for Social Policies such as: borrowing loans for poor households, labor export, job creation, support for poor households to build houses, borrowing loans for students.
Commune Party Committees shall organize the implementation of this Circular and propagate to commune cadres and Party members to "learn" and follow Uncle Andrew's example with concrete and practical tasks, thereby raising the sense of responsibility and attitude to better and better serve the people.
Martial artists who agree to hand over martial arts for the printing of popular books are paid a lump sum equal to two months' minimum salary for one martial art.
bumpers
At least 01 working day before the exam date
Patterns
Coordinate to organize 3 short-term vocational training courses for members.
honesty,
Accordingly, in general, the grassroots Party Committees have conducted the congress in accordance with the principles and standards, ensuring the quantity, quality and structure.
Thanks to that attention, the life of Vinh Thanh people, especially in ethnic minority areas has been renewed.
Blue Color
The village women's association also builds models to follow Uncle's words, suitable to the characteristics of the local situation such as practicing thrift, helping members with difficulties and stabilizing their lives.
On September 14, the Political Training Center of Vinh Thanh district held the closing ceremony of the Political Theory Training class and issued certificates to the second batch of the Party in 2019.
To guide localities in performing the state management of the environment and coordinate with one another in inspecting the process of treating livestock wastes up to prescribed environmental standards.
On days of acid rain, prolonged drizzle can use a sprayer to spray fresh water on citrus fruit trees 
Election of the Executive Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam for the term 2020 - 2025
- Funding sources of the budgets of the districts, provincial capitals and cities.
Water God
Print the nameplates of delegates, arrange the nameplates and guide the seating positions for delegates to attend the programs in the festival.
release 
clusters (plants...) 
ebony
The Pass
Just waiting for you to come back,
The provincial Land Fund Development Center shall organize compensation and ground clearance to create land funds for construction of dormitories for students;
The drastic direction of the leadership of the district People's Committee, the advice of the Steering Committee of the district movement, the active participation of grassroots officials and the consensus of the majority of Party members, officials and people in the area, the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" has really come into life.
Pursuant to Decision No. 4920/QD-UBND dated December 29,2016 of the President of the People's Committee of the province on approval for forest inventory results;
faithful,
To replicate poverty reduction models, including: implementing the project on replicating the chicken farming model on biological padding; the project on replicating the safe vegetable planting model and supporting the maintenance of works.
The district Party Committee determines that the work of consolidating the organization, building and developing the Party members is one of the important tasks in the Party building. Therefore, it always pays attention to leading and directing the grassroots and subordinate Party Committees to create conditions for them to take care of the work of discovering, creating sources, fostering and helping elite people who wish to strive to become Party members.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Planning and Investment and the Ministry of Finance in, guiding the program implementation; to summarize and propose needs for medium - term capital for the program implementation to competent authorities for consideration and decision.
The whole district organized to carry out the General survey from April 1.4, to April 16, 2019 to finish the survey in accordance with the plan set out with 9, 277 households interviewed, achieving 100%.
Conclusion of the conference, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of the district Party Committee emphasized that in 2020, units should focus highly on performing their tasks, especially ensuring absolute safety in the organization of the Party Congress at all levels, tenure 2020- 2025.
lift up 
Forestry land. 
and the provisions of the relevant applicable law. 
Organized 65 patrols, inspections and sweeps of forests as planned.
On pilot establishment of provincial - level Children's Councils in the 2017 - 2020 period.
Pea has 31 % protein content, with 8 types of essential amino acids and 49% starch content.
Policies to support the development of rural trades
In the first 2 months of 2020, the police of Vinh Thanh district organized 2 shifts with 8 turns of officers and soldiers to patrol, reorganize and improve the effectiveness of the state management of security and order, especially the management of weapons, explosives, supporting tools, residence management, management of business establishments with conditions for order and security, services prone to crime pawnshops, karaoke, motels.
Sustainable exploitation of mineral resources
On December 25, the Department of Culture and Sports in cooperation with the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a cultural exchange program for ethnic minorities and family affairs in 2019 at K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune.
SKSS Series
Speaking of
Organize the implementation of the tasks of ensuring combat readiness, maintaining political security, social order and safety, protecting absolute safety on holidays and New Year; important events such as the Party Congress at all levels, tenure 2020-2025
Through the projects under the program "Supporting the application and transfer of scientific and technological advances for socio-economic development in rural and mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas, Vinh Thanh district has put scientific and technical advances into production, helping people in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas have a new awareness of science and technology.
Cadres, civil servants and public employees are dedicated to their work, preserve ethics, a clean and healthy lifestyle, uphold the spirit and attitude of serving the people.
Through surveying and evaluating the current situation, Vinh Hiep commune has achieved 13/19 criteria of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside.
Article 1. To promulgate together with this Decision the Plan on law dissemination and education;
On the morning of September 24, the Division of Ethnic Affairs of Vinh Thanh District in cooperation with Binh Dinh Salt and Food Joint Stock Company organized the allocation of a total of 30,450 kg of iodized salt to 5.075 ethnic minority people in Vinh Kim and Vinh Son communes, receiving 6 kg of salt per person on average.
After cutting the cuttings, slit the row 10 cm wide horizontally. Place cuttings close together (respectively density 500 – 1000 cuttings / m2). Slitting the second row to fill the soil for row 1. Fill the soil sealed 2 burns of cuttings. 
near noon,
Construction of technical infrastructure of urban areas. 
Public schools implementing high - quality programs may proactively set appropriate tuition fees to cover expenses.
dark,
Decision on promulgation of the operation regulation of the council for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages in Binh Dinh province
In 2019, all levels of the Women's Union in Vinh Thanh district have effectively implemented the tasks and activities of the Union.
Then go. I'm too busy to go.
On the other hand, cashews contain a lot of sweet nectar, wet conditions will be a favorable environment for fungal diseases to grow damaged inflorescences and for the young fruits are formed.
lead (knife) 
Over the years, the district Veterans Associations at all levels have actively promoted learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style by doing practical and specific jobs associated with the emulation movement " exemplary CCB" has been deployed extensively by the district CCB Association to all officials and members of the CCB in the whole district; thanks to the diverse deployment form, rich and practical contents, the campaign and emulation movement has been enthusiastically responded by the CCBs.
fields,
State management agencies have not yet resolutely handled the illegal use, assignment, purchase, sale or encroachment of forestry land, especially by ethnic minority people.
Especially the activity plan "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" in Binh Dinh in 2009.
As a result, Bana people in the district have mastered the hybrid rice intensive farming process and applied it to production, bringing high economic efficiency.
In addition, in order to create capital for members to expand production, so far, the Association has been trusted with the District Social Policy Bank, helping 324 member households to borrow more than VND 11 billion for economic development.
Mr. Nguyen Van Hung - Deputy Director of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs;
As a result, there are many models such as breeding pigs, meat pigs, poultry, general economic models... bringing a fairly stable revenue.
Close the bag: Stuff the potting mix into the bag, when 10 cm from the mouth of the bag, use a round plastic tube with a diameter of 2 cm and a length of 3 cm inserted and folded down the plastic, grab a rubber band to tighten, use clean cotton to tighten the bag mouth, cover the plastic cap to avoid wet cotton buttons when steaming pasteurization.
Mr. Luong Dinh Tien, Head of Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union. 
Mom cooks the rice and you prepare the rice.
In addition to the full vaccination of epidemic prevention for poultry flocks. The family is also regularly sprayed by veterinary staff to disinfect the breeding area, the family's barn.
To intensify the implementation of drought prevention and control measures and response to climate change; to continue implementing and applying intensive agricultural farming measures and scientific and technical advances in production and husbandry to increase productivity, quality and output.
Pursuant to the Law on Forestry dated November 15, 2017;
On the 72nd anniversary of the 27.7 Invalids and Martyrs Day, on the morning of the 26.7, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV - Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee visited and presented 5 gifts to disadvantaged families in Vinh Thuan commune.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Culture and Sports,
(wind) quiet 
To make periodical and extraordinary reports under Point a, Clause 3, Article 6 of this Decision.
Using frozen semen (imported) high-quality beef cattle breeds: Red Angus, Blanc Bleu Belge (BBB) artificially bred with Zebu hybrid cows (hybrid blood ratio > 75%), creating high-quality meat-oriented hybrid calves for meat breeding (using imported beef semen).
handicapped,
Adjustable Tuition
Up to now, the percentage of households in the district using hygienic water is 97.5%, the forest coverage rate reaches 75.81%.
Heads of Departments, agencies, associations and Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts shall implement this Circular./.
how many days,
Directing and guiding farmers to regularly visit the fields, using pest control measures to destroy crops and crops
Forests
Mobilize the community's participation and resources to achieve the poverty reduction objectives, contributing to successfully realizing the sustainable poverty reduction objectives and tasks in 2019 and the 2016-2020 period.
From the beginning of this year, Vinh Thanh district has focused on influenza vaccination for poultry flocks, and conducted spraying disinfection chemicals for breeding households in communes and townships.
Typical communes do well such as Dinh Thai village, Vinh Quang commune, Village 8, Vinh Thuan commune.
Vinh Son Secondary School and Vinh Kim Primary and Secondary School.
Then cross the X into the tree and tie to avoid shaking the stump to kill the tree dead trees. 
In which, the provincial Vietnamese Fatherland Front shall support 8 houses; the district Vietnamese Fatherland Front shall support 2 houses; the Central Socialist Bank shall support 1 house; the total house construction support amount is VND 450 million.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 66/2006/ND-CP dated July 07,2006 on development of rural trades;
Trace
Accordingly, the district Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee organized the handover of the first batch to the district Steering Committee for Covid - 19 Prevention and Control with an amount of VND41.7 million.
There have been detected and recorded 02 cases of impoundment of 01 car; 2,229 m3 of timber of Group III; 1,449 m3 of timber of Group III.
Housing support for people with meritorious services to the revolution is one of the social security policies with profound humanitarian significance, demonstrating the Party's and the State's interest in families with meritorious services to the revolution.
HĐH 
Import of seed production technology, improvement of seed production technology; training; seed quality control, etc.
Through this, to strengthen the propagation of environmental protection and response to climate change, making an important contribution to raising awareness and changing the behavior of people on the responsibility for environmental protection in residential areas.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 197/2004/ND-CP dated December 03,2004 on compensation, assistance and relocation upon land expropriation;
Organize 65 patrols to control key forest areas, thereby detecting 6 violations, including one illegal deforestation, causing damage to 848m2 of production forests in Vinh Hoa commune forest area.
If the specialized examination and inspection plans of the agencies of the same level overlap in geographical areas and / or establishments, the parties shall discuss and agree to set up inter-sectoral delegations.
the,
wounded 
Deeply aware of the importance of the Party Congresses at all levels, in the coming time, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee will continue to direct the successful organization of the Congresses of affiliated branches and Party Committees, proceeding to successfully organize the 18th Congress of Party deputies of the district, the term 2020 - 2025, meeting the trust of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and the expectations of the people in the district.
Purposes:
Methods of scoring and grading
The implementation of programs and projects, particularly the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction and poverty reduction policies in Vinh Thanh district, has always had good coordination among all levels and branches in the implementation process.
Article 12. Implementation provisions
The President of the People's Committee of the province shall consider recognizing the recruitment result of the candidate whose recruitment result is lower than the preceding one.
On the morning of March 3, Vinh Thanh District Public Security held a ceremony to announce the Decision of the Director of Provincial Public Security and the Head of District Public Security on the transfer of full-time police officers to hold the titles of commune and township police.
Funding sources: Total funding for implementation in 2020: VND 1.521 million (one billion five hundred twenty one million dong), from the following specific funding sources:
You'll get what you want.
dear,
Cipher officers transferred to other branches, children of fallen heroes, war invalids, sick soldiers, children of persons entitled to policies like war invalids,
At the request of the Director of the Department of Education and Training in the Statement No. 707/TTr-SGDDT dated April 21,2020.
It is known that the house is built according to the traditional stilt house style of Bana people, the wall is built of wooden boards, tiled roof with an area of about 24m2 or more, each house is built with funding support of 40 million VND from the Relief Fund of the district.
General food safety monitoring and warning according to the 2018 food safety action plan of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development (Decision No. 219/QD-BNN-QLCL dated January 23,2018);
Our people are not only brave and resilient in combat, but also industrious and hard-working.
hidden,
In order to settle the relevant tasks and works in accordance with the current law,
redhead 
At the same time, organize the general cleaning, instruct students to take measures to prevent and control the epidemic, ensure school hygiene and safety.
Mr. Tran Thanh Hai, Vice Editor of Binh Dinh Newspaper;
that much,
Standards of grafted cashew seedlings: The age of the rootstock is 3-4 months old; the age of the plant from the time of transplantation is > 45 days old; The height of the plant from the gourd is 20-25cm; The number of leaf layers has grown to 1-2 layers; the diameter of the root > 8mm; the height of the grafted shoots > 10cm
or,
cheetah
Article 2.-The Steering Committee is tasked to assist the provincial People's Committee in formulating and implementing the Education and Training Renewal Plan.
In Vinh Hoa Commune, it will be sold to people at the Center of Vinh Hoa Commune, from 9.1.2020 to 22.1.2020.
- Legal documents within the scope of management;
Fire prevention and fighting
bodies,
Organize the propagation on the topic, messages and activities of the Action Month on the provincial and local mass media;
delighted
The material and spiritual life of the district is also being improved and improved.
Inspect chemicals and additives used for preserving aquatic products after harvesting.
This year's survey uses two forms of information collection by electronic questionnaires on mobile devices and online for commune questionnaires.
At home, I have to feed the pigs and chickens.
It is known that there is one Dai Doan unity house that has been accepted and put into use, the remaining houses are speeding up the construction progress to early acceptance and handover at the end of November and December 2019.
The prestigious people in the communes and townships are also very excited to receive the attention and encouragement of the Party Committees and authorities and express their absolute confidence in the leadership of the Party, policies and laws of the State.
Advocacy for model establishment
Every year, the Association organizes for women to study the contents of the emulation movement "Women actively study, creatively work, build happy families" in association with mobilizing members to study and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh by specific jobs.
Co., Ltd.
forbidden
Geographical location.
To pay attention to regularly maintaining school and classroom hygiene after each school session and school day, ensuring clean schools, clean and well-ventilated classrooms; to propagate epidemic prevention and control measures for pupils such as washing their hands regularly with soap or antiseptic water, wearing face masks when going to schools and public places, enhancing their health protection in order to contribute to limiting the spread of the epidemic.
Fisheries sector: To take the initiative in supplying 100% of breeds for major aquatic species;
Determining that significance and importance, in recent years, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has focused on well implementing the preparation of the Congress in the spirit of Directive No. 35 of the Politburo and Plan No. 58 of the Standing Committee of Binh Dinh Province Party Committee on the Party Congress at all levels, proceeding to the XIIIth National Congress of the Party.
In addition, the Sub-Department has also directed the associations in the village to mobilize people to participate in the implementation of the new rural construction program in the locality and other movements.
Requirements
If they have graduated from intermediate schools or colleges in other disciplines, they must have certificates of training in library professional knowledge and skills granted by competent agencies or organizations.
Estimated investment fund 1.3 billion VND (local mobilization, not compensation for ground clearance)
The project outline: Enclosed with a specific outline.
folding
- The presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and cities,
From the beginning of 2019 to now, Vinh Thanh district has 24 workers going to work abroad for a definite time, reaching 160% of the annual plan, exceeding 60% of the assigned target.
In recent years, implementing the Campaign "Study and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh" has attracted 95% of cadres and members of veterans to participate.
Scope of work:
Especially through national target programs and ethnic minority policies, essential infrastructure in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas are paid attention to investment and people have a sense of rise to enrich themselves.
Enhance the application of biological measures in the prevention of pests and diseases harmful to citrus fruit trees.
Organize propaganda for the prevention and control of acute respiratory infections caused by the new strain of Corona virus in many forms such as radio broadcasts and leaflets.
Decision on issuance of the plan for recruitment of public employees working in lower secondary education institutions, kindergartens in 2019 
Thus making an important contribution to successfully implementing the annual socio-economic development tasks in the locality.
Assignment and decentralization of tasks of inspection, examination and supervision of establishments producing and trading agricultural supplies and rural daily-life water (enclosed with Appendix 1);
Article 1. - Objectives and tasks:
look after 
Implementing the emulation movement "Military Emulation" associated with the emulation movement at the grassroots level in recent years, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee directed the People's Committees of localities and units to focus on implementation, making important contributions to socio-economic development in the locality.
Article 1. To approve the Scheme on development of raising of high - quality beef cows in agricultural households in Binh Dinh province with the following principal contents:
licking,
baby sucking 
As a result, people have changed their awareness about new production methods in agricultural economic development, especially in the selection of plant varieties and animal breeds suitable to local production conditions and the application of advanced technical measures to bring production efficiency and high economic value.
Decision on approval of the outline of the scheme on development of plants, livestock and specialty products with advantages for development of ethnic minority areas of Binh Dinh province through 2025
Therefore, Vinh Thanh district always focuses on leading and directing the implementation of policies, programs and projects on poverty reduction to be implemented synchronously from district to grassroots.
Part III Viewpoints, objectives, tasks and solutions for development of crops, livestock and specialty products during 2017 - 2020 and up to 2025
Standing Vice Chairman of the Council: 
Resolution on funding support for the School Milk Program in preschool institutions in Binh Dinh province from 2018 to 2020
Select varieties for planting
The organization of point congresses, especially the experience of directing and organizing point congresses.
Cashews can also grow well on mixed sandy soil, because of good drainage characteristics, although this type of soil is not high fertility. Red soil is also suitable for growing and growing well.
In order to bring preferential loans from the State to the people, especially women in areas with special difficulties.
To step up forest protection and forest product control at stations and posts in forests and bordering areas in order to effectively prevent exploitation and transportation in complicated areas.
About land
Department of Transport and Communications
Why is it that,
On April 15, Chairman of the district People's Committee Mr. Le Van Dau, Head of the district Covid-19 Prevention and Control Board signed a document requesting the Chairman of Vinh Hoa Commune People's Committee to urgently establish an interdisciplinary epidemic control team for Covid-19 prevention and control with the composition of Health, Public Security, Military, Youth Union.
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 2518/TTr-SNN dated August 07,2015,
The contents and forms of operation of the Study Promotion Association have seen many innovations, the quality of its activities has been increasingly improved; the policy of linking the formal education system in schools with the non - social learning system has been strictly implemented in order to build a learning society for the achievement of the objective of comprehensive and useful human training for the society.
Food upstairs in the kitchen.
Black eggs are laid under the epidermis of young shoots, inflorescences, petioles and veins of leaves. Bedbugs sting with a proboscis into the young tissues of leaves, young shoots, flowers, fruits and young seeds.
This is also an opportunity for domestic and international martial arts delegations to meet, exchange and exchange.
Other lawful capital sources: VND 86,600 billion (84%); VND 40,000 billion and VND 46,600 billion for the 2021 - 2025 period.
Bombs were thrown not only to destroy the tiny Bana villages by the Dak Krong Bung stream but also more maliciously, they wanted to destroy ethnic minority people in western Binh Dinh province - the base of the province.
It can be seen that following the example of Uncle in the district, there has been a positive change, concretized in each job of each cadre and Party member in the implementation of assigned tasks.
The highest survival rate is from February to April every year.
The Ministry of Industry and Trade, the Ministry of Education and Training, the Committee for Management of State Capital at Enterprises,
Coordinate with local authorities to complete this task well.
Time: The Council shall meet twice a year, before the meeting of the provincial People's Council.
Before harvesting, it is necessary to stop watering for about 1 week, collect when it is sunny and dry, remove the fruit bag for mature fruit bunches, use pruning shears to cut the stalk of the fruit beam close to the fruit beam to avoid injury to other fruit beams.
In order to effectively implement poverty reduction, Vinh Thanh district shall regularly consolidate the Poverty Reduction Steering Committee, work out plans and assign specific responsibilities to its members so that poverty reduction will be carried out regularly and continuously.
Through the training course, trainees are equipped with new knowledge about animal husbandry science and techniques, such as methods of using antibiotics and preventive medicines for chickens.
Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station, Binh Dinh Newspaper and mass media agencies shall take the initiative in formulating appropriate programs.
Ethnic Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh district organizes visits and supports families of prestigious ethnic minority people facing natural disasters and prolonged drought in 2019
Chemical remedy: Using a mixture of lime + sulfur + water in a ratio of (10:1:40), it is possible to add clay to sweep around the base of 1.2m or less to prevent the adult from laying eggs.
to school
Localities should pay attention to encouraging farmers to use varieties with clear origins, quality assurance, and comply with the technical process guided in cultivation to bring about high economic efficiency.
To promulgate a number of mechanisms and policies on development of dwelling houses for lease to students of universities, colleges, professional secondary schools and vocational schools;
In order to create conditions for youth members to access the preferential capital sources of the State to invest in the development of the family economy, Vinh Thanh District has taken the initiative in coordinating with the Transaction Office of the Social Policy Bank of the district in receiving entrustment and establishing a Savings and Loan Team, with a total outstanding debt of more than VND 18,500 million, lending 340 youth union members.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 3569/QD-UBND dated September 27,2017 of the People's Committee of the province 
Along with the good direction of plant care, the livestock situation in the commune is also maintained relatively stable and developed.
Prepare procedures and dossiers for submission to the National Office of Intellectual Property for protection of collective marks of high-quality beef and beef in Binh Dinh.
Saving and borrowing groups, borrowing households and training establishments shall comply with the outline elaborated by the provincial branch of the Social Policy Bank.
The 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts - Binh Dinh 2019
The investment in the gym and sanitation works moved to the second phase, when the martial arts studio found the ground to build. 
Pursuant to the Circular No. 32/2010/TT-BGDDT dated December 02,2012 of the Minister of Education and Training;
Particularly for reservoir A of Vinh Son hydropower plant in Vinh Son commune, in the long term, tourism will be planned and the district agriculture sector will advise the district People's Committee on further planning orientations for people to develop fish farming in reservoir A for economic development.
reply to
roof (home) 
Currently, there is no drug treatment, to effectively prevent the disease, it is necessary to implement the following measures 
The district protection forest management board has contracted 6 collectives and 184 households in villages in the commune for management and protection with a total funding of over VND 2 billion and 604 million.
Besides, it is necessary to promote the movement of practicing traditional martial arts in all subjects.
For cadres, civil servants, public employees and armed forces at the time of request for recognition.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003;
5 years/1 big issue - big event: Gathering, linking and supporting topics and issues into a big issue with meaning and extensive impact in the people of Vietnamese ethnic groups in Binh Dinh.
Article 6. Support for testing, selection, creation and restoration of plant varieties
Determining that agriculture and forestry, especially agro-forestry farm economy, are the major economic sectors of mountainous districts, in the past 5 years, the province has focused on implementing many important solutions such as increasing infrastructure investment, stepping up technical consultancy support and preferential credit support, thereby step by step developing agricultural and forestry production in a relatively comprehensive manner, helping many ethnic minority households escape poverty.
With the proactiveness in natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue, Vinh Thanh district will be ready to respond promptly to natural disasters of all kinds, especially in the upcoming rainy and stormy season, striving to minimize human and property losses caused by natural disasters, contributing to local socio-economic development and stabilizing people's life in the district.
I went to a meeting later at the commune office and went down to Kon Đruch village to talk with the people about making roads.
Pursuant to the Law on Land dated November 26, 2003,
Completed the construction of factory and put into operation of production and business.
Along with that, the District Union also actively coordinates with the functional sectors to implement training courses on transfer of science and technology on breeding and cultivation.
On the implementation of the Program on promoting children's right to participation in children - related issues in Binh Dinh province during 2016 - 2020;
He saw Yao's father lying on the bed, his eyes closed, his face thin after only a few days.
Oh, it depends.
The CCB district has directed the associations to deploy and organize research, thoroughly grasp the contents of the topics such as:
The above is the Plan for implementation of the Action Month 2017 in the province.
Yellow Color
At the same time, to create conditions for students to exchange, tighten solidarity, contributing to creating conditions for members and unionists to train their organizational capacity and participate in collective activities.
is,
Pay attention to the use of NPK synthetic fertilizer in the periods after harvest, flowering, fruiting, large fruits, physiological ripening
Step 1: Establish high-quality beef and beef brands in high-quality beef and beef raising areas of 17 communes in Tuy Phuoc and Tay Son districts and An Nhon town.
Step 4: Based on the children's performances and presentations, teams or units shall make a list of recommended children.
After the ceremony, the villagers cleaned up, planted trees, planted flowers along the main road in the village, creating environmental landscape, village roads clear, clean and beautiful.
To organize and direct the implementation of investment projects on construction of students' dormitories in their respective provinces strictly according to plans, ensuring their quality;
Implementing advisory bodies: The People's Counseling Committee of the province, the Office of the provincial People's Committee and the provincial Justice Service.
In addition, on cashew orchards with a large slope can be planted interlaced bands of trees in a contour to prevent erosion and wash away the soil (pineapple, vertiver grass, aeration). 
Ms. Le Thi Dien, Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training.
In general, the Association's models receive the consent of its members, farmers and communities; the attention and facilitation of the Party Committees and administrations at all levels and the involvement of branches and mass organizations in the area for the model's activities.
In Binh Dinh province, the results of active surveillance of viral circulation show that pathogens are still at a high level.
Returning to daily life, veterans have always brightened up the quality of the Old Ho Army, taking the lead in all fields, continuing to devote their strength and intellect to the cause of building a more and more prosperous homeland.
Vinh Thanh district People's Council opened the 10th meeting of the 11th district People's Council for the term 2016-2021 
Summary of activities in the 2010 - 2015 period
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 3828/TTr-SNN dated October 18,2017,
sisters,
Article 2. To assign directors of provincial-level Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Departments to coordinate with provincial-level Finance Departments in making detailed cost estimates for each specific job.
The State Treasury shall guide and inspect the payment of support money to fishermen at district and city State Treasuries after receiving support decisions of provincial - level People's Committees, ensuring timeliness and accuracy.
Establishing the key issue of this period is: "Equality, solidarity, respect and mutual assistance for progress" of ethnic groups in the Vietnamese family.
scratched,
Sesame
Workshop - Provincial Talks on Gender Equality and Women's Progress for the period 2018 - 2020
The leadership of the district police has directed and thoroughly grasped the local police to further drastically deploy all aspects of work, ensuring the prevention and control of Covid-19 in parallel with the work of ensuring security in the locality.
Many national cultural values have been preserved and promoted to enrich the cultural life of grassroots people; the system of grassroots cultural institutions continues to be maintained and developed, contributing to raising the people's cultural enjoyment level.
termite snake
Six is a hard worker.
No, really.
For standing rescue work, the Office of the district-level Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control shall be on duty around the clock during the occurrence of storms and floods.
Then clean the sandy soil so as not to interfere with the grading of seeds during processing.
In furtherance of the emulation movement for economic development, mutual assistance in hunger eradication and poverty alleviation and legitimate enrichment, over the past years, Party committees, administrations, associations, mass organizations and villages in Vinh Thuan commune have stepped up the propagation and mobilization of cadres, union members, members and farmers to actively restructure crops, livestock and crops.
wrinkled like,
Particularly for owners of fishing ships with permanent residence registration in Quy Nhon city, they shall submit their dossiers directly to the Sub-Department of Aquatic Resource Exploitation and Protection.
The State shall provide investment support in the form of partial support;
District Party Committees and People's Committees of districts have issued documents, plans and decisions to promptly direct the epidemic prevention and control; assign specific tasks to agencies, units and members of the Standing Committees and People's Committees of communes and townships for implementation.
In the economic development movement, the villagers know how to invest, apply effective models in breeding and cultivation to develop the family economy.
Each year, Vinh Thanh district invests tens of billions of VND from the capital sources of Program 135, Program 30a, the national target program on building a new countryside, to build infrastructure in ethnic minority areas.
Ethnic minority children attending kindergartens and high schools in Binh Dinh province
Once upon a time, in a village, there lived a young man who had been orphaned since childhood, and was very poor.
In order to well implement the objectives in 2020, Vinh Thanh District Socialist Bank sets out specific measures to promote the implementation of capital support for policy credit programs such as:
At the request of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in Document No. 1091/SNN-TL dated May 18,2020 
In the first nine months, the total production value increased by 14% over the same period, the value of agricultural, forestry and fishery production is estimated to reach 74.5% of the plan, up 22% over the same period.
screaming,
Time: June 2017 - December 2020. 
contemptuous 
No, no, no.
The following article by Xuan Dung reflects on vaccination work in Vinh Thanh 
In recent years, Dien grapefruit is considered by many localities as a major crop in the conversion of crop structure and development into Dien grapefruit plantations with large and concentrated areas.
Tuition fees for basic and upper secondary education. 
In case a candidate falls into any of the above priority categories, only the highest priority mark shall be added to the round-2 exam mark.
and,
High School
In the year, the entrustment between the district VBSP and 4 associations and mass organizations from the district to the grassroots level has seen many positive changes.
Harvesting and storage
Late in the night the moon was brighter. Someone was blowing a trumpet. The sound of the trumpet was as clear as the moon.
Objectives of construction works
Pursuant to the Circular No. 15/2015/TT-BNNPTNT dated March 26,2015 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Every house burns brightly at night.
To speed up the ground clearance and concentrate on infrastructure construction right from the beginning of the year.
In the afternoon of December 2, Mr. Dang Hoai Tan, deputy of the National Assembly of Binh Dinh province, met voters in Vinh Thinh commune after the 8th session of the XIVth National Assembly. 
This Resolution is ratified by the 12th People's Council of Binh Dinh province during the 11th session on December 13,2019, and comes into force from January 01,2020./.
lizard lizard
My family lives in Kon Đruch village, Vinh Son commune, Vinh Thanh district. My family has seven people: my parents, my sister, my three brothers and me. My parents are more than sixty years old. At present, they still go to work. 
After conducting incense burning and flower offering ceremonies at the Main Monument, delegates in turn burned incense at the graves of fallen heroes in the pure and dignified grounds of the cemetery.
Provincial People's Committees
platform (stone) 
Recently, the Youth Union of Vinh Thuan commune has promoted the campaign "Youth at the forefront of the learning society", the campaign "Help each other make a career for rich people and a strong country".
hawk chick
- The provincial Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees as well as the provincial associations and mass organizations;
lighting (lights) 
Objectively, despite positive socio - economic changes in mountainous and highland areas, the economic growth rate remains low and the economic structure is slow and unstable.
The Kinh cadres must urgently learn the ethnic language, thoroughly integrate themselves into the masses, promptly detect the enemy's plots and tricks of sabotage, discuss with the masses, discuss and agree on ways to fight the enemy under the motto "reasonable, profitable and proper".
According to Vinh Thanh District Health Center, from the beginning of this year, 55 cases of dengue fever have been recorded in the district.
A year has twelve months.
To support up to 3 conversion crops on the same land area during the policy implementation period (from 2016 to 2020).
It is recommended to sow only seeds with cracked fangs, because if the roots are too long when manipulated, it is easy to break, but the roots are very important for the yield of corn.
Implementing the Prime Minister's Decision No. 71 on supporting poor districts in promoting labor export, contributing to sustainable poverty reduction in the 2009-2020 period.
Squirt
labia,
scum,
At the same time, many advanced models have been built in the community and have a strong spread.
Attending the Congress were Mr. Le Kim Toan - Standing Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, Head of the Provincial Party Committee Delegation; Nguyen Gio - Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Organization Board; Nguyen Thi Phong Vu - Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Mass Mobilization Board, Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee and representatives of leaders of the Provincial Party Committee's Party Building Boards.
In which, meeting QCVN 02:2009/BYT of the Ministry of Health reached 62.4%, the proportion of people supplied with water from concentrated water supply works reached 28.8%.
Determining that poverty reduction is one of the important tasks, over the years, Party committees and administrations at all levels in Vinh Thanh district have focused on directing branches, mass organizations, communes and townships to effectively implement poverty reduction programs and projects for poor and near-poor households, thereby helping many poor households escape poverty in a sustainable manner.
under the floor
The Department of Planning and Investment shall take charge and cooperate with the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism and other Departments, agencies, districts, towns and cities in formulating and appraising the following projects :
ugly,
We're going to buy him a nice uniform."
He said,
a lot of,
The support of gongs for ethnic minority schools in the district is a program of practical significance, demonstrating the Party's and the State's interest in preserving and promoting traditional cultural values of ethnic minority people in the district.
Development of Northern cluster - Logistic No. 1 is the pre-port of Quy Nhon port, located in Phuoc Loc commune
Besides, the dissemination of information about the epidemic situation and epidemic prevention and control measures is focused by districts in various forms such as: Publicizing information on the district's public addressing systems and communes and townships to update information on the epidemic situation and the implementation of epidemic prevention and control in the district.
This Decision provides for the assignment and decentralization of the tasks of inspecting, examining and supervising the assurance of food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products; and managing the quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water under the management of the agriculture and rural development sector in Binh Dinh province.
Planting noodles on sloping soil in a contour line (planting bed perpendicular to the slope). 
Departments, sectors and units participating in the implementation of tasks under this Plan shall use funding sources.
Grade 4 building, with an area of about 60m2
This Resolution was passed on December 9, 2011, by the XIth provincial People's Council at its 3rd session, and takes effect on January 1, 2012.
The representative of the Standing Committee of the People's Council of the province shall notify the result of receipt and handling of proposals of the Council in the year.
Among them, there are 1,357 poor households, accounting for 87% of poor households in ethnic minorities; 143 near-poor households, accounting for 76% of near-poor households in ethnic minorities.
To promulgate a 6 - level foreign language proficiency framework for Vietnamese or certificates of ethnic minority language proficiency for working positions requiring the use of ethnic minority languages.
lying,
- There is a relocation decision issued by a competent state agency.
Stools
- To prepare contents for the meetings of the Children's Councils.
The contents, time and venue of the meeting shall be decided by the Chairman of the Council.
Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu, Member of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee, visited and presented gifts to policy families in Vinh Thanh district.
answers,
Up to now, 2/8 villages have been recognized as Cultural Villages by the district; more than 98% of households have won the title of Cultural Family.
The expenditure shall be deducted from the funding for activities of mass physical training and sports movements allocated by the budget to the provincial / municipal Services of Culture, Sports and Tourism annually.
At the places of visit, the Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee graciously asks for the health, economic situation and life of family members.
squirrel
Article 1. To approve the policy on support for consolidation of inland canals and ditches in the 2016 - 2020 period in Binh Dinh province (enclosed herewith).
To coordinate with provincial-level Construction Departments in working out plans and preparing for the construction of dormitories at locations where exist grounds specified in this plan.
Farmers' Associations of communes and districts also make it easier to set up projects to support capital for production development.
In furtherance of the Politburo's Directive No. 05 on stepping up "learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style", the Party Committee of Vinh Hiep commune shall include the contents of Directive No. 05 in regular activities of its branches and mass organizations.
Leaders of the district Party Committee, the People's Council and the People's Committee offered incense and laid wreaths to visit the graves of heroic martyrs at the Martyrs Cemetery on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the Day of War Invalids and Martyrs.
On the morning of 2.1.2020, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a conference to evaluate the performance of local defense and military tasks in 2019, issued a Resolution on leadership in the implementation of tasks in 2020
squirrel
To monitor, urge and summarize the implementation of this Plan; to propose appropriate amendments and supplements to this Plan to provincial - level People's Committees for consideration and decision.
In the past five years, Vinh Thuan commune has invested in the construction of 27 essential works for production and people's life with a total construction cost of over VND 12.9 billion.
If the votes for and against are equal, the opinion of the Chairperson of the Council shall be the decisive one.
The district police has organized 12 propaganda drives with more than 1,264 participants; especially propaganda about the methods and tricks of activities of subjects committing fraud through social networks, theft of property, Decree No. 100 of the Government stipulating the sanctioning of administrative violations in the field of road and railway transport; legal education for 17 criminals, 07 suspected illegal drug users.
knitting
To attract the interest of many rural workers engaged in labor export to increase income for families.
wide width
The outstanding results in the process of organizing the Party congresses at all levels; the programs and plans to bring the resolutions of the Party congresses to life; the advantages and disadvantages and experiences in directing and organizing the Party congresses at all levels to successfully organize the XX Party Congress of the province.
Just... Just...
Thus, from awareness to action of each member, there are positive changes.
Verification Report No. 36/BCTT-KT&NS dated December 01,2015 of the Economic and Budgetary Board of the Provincial People's Council and opinions of the People's Council deputies at the session 
fairy tales
Other (friends)
Implementation of research and application projects, production of marine pharmaceuticals, cultivation and processing of algae, etc.
wire rope
The district-level environmental protection station and the Sub-department of Fisheries Resources Exploitation and Protection shall send the list of fishing vessels applying for assistance to the People's Committee of the coastal commune or the local border guard station.
larvae,
There are 100% of households using the national grid, 100% of households using hygienic daily-life water.
Not subject to the grant of certificates of eligible establishments of food safety and other provisions of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
With the careful preparation in all aspects of the District Military Service Board, the careful preparation of all levels, branches, especially the District Military Service Board, in general, the military handover and receipt this year took place smoothly and safely.
So far, ethnic minority people in the commune have gradually consciously changed the way of doing business to improve the quality of life.
swelling,
Cycling
From the investment interests of the State together with the efforts of the Party and people, the rural and mountainous face of Vinh Thanh district today has many prosperities, transport infrastructure, electricity, communications and public works are invested in construction.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Finance Departments, Natural Resources and Environment Departments and concerned agencies in, determining the tasks of using state budget investment capital and attracting other domestic and foreign capital sources.
Therefore, production results are not high, relatives' life is always difficult.
sandy soil 
Strengthened the Steering Committee, the Rapid Response Team, and developed plans for ASF prevention and control.
Soil preparation: Soil for growing tapioca must necessarily be cleared of roots, plant remnants, leveled and treated with weeds
The Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune shall be selected by the Provincial Party Committee as the venue for the grassroots-level Party congress for the 2020- 2025 tenure.
Specifically, Vinh Son commune has 3,135 inhabitants to be allocated 18,810 kg; Vinh Kim commune has 1,991 inhabitants to be allocated 11,946 kg. The supply of salt shall comply with Decision No. 1191 dated April 05, 2019 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee.
session
Especially, the transfer of scientific and technical advances to the people has been interested by the district People's Committee through the investment in building models, training and transfer of scientific and technical advances.
With the efforts and determination, raising the sense of responsibility, solidarity and unity of the entire Party and people in the district, the socio-economic development of the district has been gradually developed, the people's life has been increasingly improved; the number of communes meeting the new rural criteria has increased; defense and security have been ensured and maintained firmly and stably.
Therefore, the management and protection of forests in the districts has always been determined as the central task and the responsibility of the district Rangership Service and the forest owners.
As a result, the socio-economic situation of ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district has seen a marked change.
Rural trade establishments relocated to industrial parks or clusters or planned trade villages
sunken 
At the ceremony, leaders of the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thuan commune approved the Decision on establishment of the pilot model; the Decision on establishment of the model management board; the Regulation on operation and launch of emulation to build residential areas to achieve the pilot model of environmental protection and response to climate change; guided residential areas and households to sign commitments to environmental protection and preservation in residential areas and some other contents.
by myself,
At the beginning of this year, the work of mass mobilization has always been paid attention to and achieved positive results by the Party Committees, authorities, branches and mass organizations of the district.
Distant roads, rugged mountains.
different,
To implement policies of the provincial People's Committee on exploitation, aquaculture and processing of seafood.
To attract investment in Cat Khanh industrial cluster and a concentrated aquatic product processing zone along new national highway 19.
However, the safety of reservoirs, dykes and embankments against erosion, protection of population and production land; combating water loss on canals and economical irrigation, etc. need to be continued in the 2021 – 2025 period.
tangle (vegetables) 
Eggs and young caterpillars are in the tunnel due to adult perforation in the core of young shoots. Adults use a proboscis to perforate 8 -10 holes near the top of young shoots and lay eggs there. When the new pollen beetle is opaque, the shoots remain green well. Then black rot, wither and fall off. 
Strengthening the direction to improve the efficiency of crop and crop restructuring; focusing on converting the area of low-efficiency rice production to the production of shallow crops with higher economic efficiency and continuing to convert 3 rice crops per year to 2 rice crops per year firmly.
Decision on Establishment of the Steering Committee for Local Education Program in Binh Dinh Province (hereinafter referred to as the Steering Committee)
The settlement and handling of denunciations and reports on crimes received 17 pieces of information, settled 16/17 pieces of information, reaching a rate of 94.11%.
pointing at,
Creating the most favorable environment and enhancing the capacity for children to exercise their right to participate in issues related to children
- A representative of the leadership of the provincial Association for the Support of the Disabled and Orphans: 1 person;
four,
PTDTNT
The kindergarten in Vinh Son commune is one of the schools with many difficulties in Vinh Thanh district, lack of equipment, learning tools, roads are still difficult.
At the places to visit, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh – Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee graciously visited and encouraged policy families to well implement the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and laws, actively participate in local movements and wish families happy and joyful Lunar New Year.
The congresses in the commune Party's branches all took place in an exciting atmosphere, on time.
How about three thousand and two?
Now that the house has been degraded, supported by the state of VND 40 million, Mr. Truong and his wife borrowed more to rebuild the new house more spacious.
Especially the people of ethnic minorities in the province, honoring the cultural identity of Vietnamese ethnic groups.
Students studying complementary education subject to educational universalization as prescribed
"Thrift pig farming", "Sympathy pig farming", "Love rice jars", "Lighting up rural roads", "Security and order"... the model of "Cultural villages free from suicide, domestic violence and law violations" in Kong Tru village, Vinh Kim commune; the model of "self-management of environmental sanitation" in Dinh Tam village, Vinh Hao commune; the model of "environmental protection and response to climate change" in Dinh Quang village, Vinh Quang commune.
water dam,
LHPN
Butterfly Clasp
song (singing) 
To date, the whole district has many models of economic development for high income.
Provincial-level Construction Departments or agencies with the construction investment management function, for projects to build dormitories for students,
Vinh Thinh commune has a poultry herd of over 12,000, of which the Vietj herd has about 9,000,
Conferences, training: VND 372,000,000 
For the tasks of inspection, examination and supervision at the stages of circulation and consumption (wholesale markets, auction markets, specialized establishments, independent means of transport) and export and import of agricultural, forestry and fishery products
It's over. Come back tomorrow.
However, to produce hybrid rice in ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district to bring efficiency is also not easy, there must be the participation of the functional sector, local authorities, associations and mass organizations in the propagation, advocacy and guidance on farming techniques.
However, in recent years, the citrus fruit industry of our country has faced many difficulties such as the complex situation of pests and diseases, high-quality varieties are not much, soil nutrients are depleted.
The election starts at 6: 30 and ends at 11: 00 on September 15.
The People's Agitation Board of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a conference to summarize the work of People's Agitation in 2019 and implement the tasks in 2020
Based on this plan and Directive No. 1391/CT-BNN-PCTT dated February 25,2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, heads of departments and Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts shall formulate specific plans for implementation of this Plan.
Mobilize people to watch the festival's programs.
flute,
At the ceremony, on behalf of the Leader of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee congratulated the honored party members to receive the Party badge this time.
Circular No. 17/2018 / TT-BNNPTNT dated October 31, 2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development on the management of food safety conditions for agro-forestry-fishery food production and trading establishments
Caterpillars can grow into pests that will eat the leaves of your entire garden, depleting your plants and killing their branches.
Two... two...
In order to arouse in the hearts of ethnic minorities the sense of self-discipline, pride and responsibility of their nation in the day of honoring the culture of Vietnamese peoples,
Building an environmentally friendly countryside is one of the 19 criteria for building a new countryside, significantly affecting the quality of life of farmers.
Some tourist sightseeing spots, unfavorable transportation system, some places have to walk nearly 1km to arrive, limiting the pick up and drop off of visitors.
Build up publications, propaganda trailers, promote the festival. 
echoing 
writes,
withers 
There are many kinds of pond. What kind of pond do you buy?
Advising the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province to continue directing the implementation of the policy of encouraging investment in building concentrated slaughtering facilities in Binh Dinh province in the period 2015 - 2020 under Decision No. 33/2014/QD-UBND dated December 22,2014 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province.
yellow,
remember velvet
To raise the effectiveness of exploitation and use of the national database on legal documents;
Derived from the sharing, mutual affection, good leaves with torn leaves, the gifts and affection of Bioseed Vietnam Co., Ltd. have contributed to encouraging her and her school to teach well - learn well.
on top of the
Therefore, implementing the policy of poverty reduction, every year the Division of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs has coordinated with the Center of Vocational Education - Continuing Education to open vocational training classes according to address and job demand.
Yao quickly picked up the twigs and put them into the bucket.
To develop and implement activities to prevent and combat gender-based violence and violence against women and children in family affairs
Through classes, in order to raise awareness of political theory, determine their roles and responsibilities, actively strive to be in the ranks of the Party soon.
Equipment for monitoring food safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products, training, sample preservation (test kit, computer, projector...).
People's Council of Binh Dinh Province
To concentrate on developing sea and island tourism products and stepping up the development of cultural tourism.
New and typical advanced factors in all fields, especially in the implementation of the Resolution of the 4th plenum of the XIIth Party Central Committee and Directive No. 05-CT/TW of the XIIth Politburo on "stepping up the study and observance of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style."
contact,
photo gallery
Pursuant to the December 3,2004 Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents of People's Councils and People's Committees,
yellow,
It is known that on the first day of returning to school after the Covid - 19 pandemic's temporary break, most of the children returned to full school,
For fighting another buffalo.
The best in his class, but his dreams were simple.
The educational activities are conducted only in each class.
Upgrading of ship building and repair facilities: Tam Quan Bac, Cat Khanh, My Thanh
Each school receives a set of 12 gongs.
wild,
brave young
To strictly handle cases of violence or abuse against women and girls and clarify the handling responsibilities of concerned agencies and organizations.
To raise the effectiveness of coordination, ensuring coordination, connection and integration of PBGDPL activities.
In particular, focus on organizing well the Party Congress of Vinh Thuan Commune
Sampling and analyzing samples to check residues of antibiotics, banned chemicals and antibiotics restricted from use on commercial whiteleg shrimps in lagoon-side rearing areas (Tuy Phuoc and Hoai Nhon districts) and sand-side rearing areas (Phu Cat district).
Military branches of communes and townships in districts shall be regularly strengthened and improved to raise their leadership and combat capabilities.
Vietnamese Fatherland Front
raising (hand) 
Disadvantaged children, children with disabilities and ethnic minority children: 02 children.
Yesterday he was knitting two. Today he is knitting one. He is knitting another. So how many are all these?
The XIIth Congress, the 9th session,
Occasionally, deer and wild boars were rescued.
If the recruitment council cannot determine the recruited candidate, it shall report such to the provincial-level People's Committee president for consideration and decision.
2017:344,897,402 VND
Today's Wednesday, tomorrow's Thursday.
Interrupt
Water supply for aquaculture: Some concentrated aquaculture areas have been supplied with fresh water for production such as Cong Luong shrimp farming area (Hoai Nhon), My Chanh (Phu My), Cat Hai (Phu Cat), the Eastern area of Tuy Phuoc district.
Grapes are packed into plastic bags with air vents or foam trays with plastic film, requiring careful, gentle operation to ensure that the grapes are not stamped and bruised.
Propagating and mobilizing the establishments to comply with the provisions of the law on food safety...). 
stand still,
Worms: Newly hatched young worms are yellowish-brown, when grown up black-brown, the whole body has long hairs and itchy thorns. When full-bodied, young worms are 6 cm long. Adults are moths of the family Saturnidae, order Lepidoptera. Adults are yellowish-brown. 
throne
Where can I buy school supplies?
In particular, reducing the time for processing tasks from receipt to notification of results of handling of administrative procedures; ensuring the continuous and systematic storage of information; facilitating the statistical reporting on the situation and results of implementation of administrative procedures on a daily basis.
With the attention of the State, Vinh Thanh district has focused on investing resources to build infrastructure works for traffic, irrigation, schools, health stations, markets, community cultural houses, contributing to promoting local socio-economic development.
Promote the spirit of solidarity, share good ways in production, help poor households with cash, production materials and thousands of workdays... to stabilize life, rise up to escape poverty sustainably.
squeeze,
To guide People's Committees of communes, wards and townships and production and business organizations and individuals in their localities in implementing the law on management of agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety and quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water.
Persons who fully meet the following conditions, regardless of ethnicity, sex, social status, belief or religion, may register for public employee recruitment:
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 1400/QD-TTg dated September 30,2008;
Lime
In the district, there are Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the district Party Committee; Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Le Van Dau, Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Committee.
Exchange with domestic and international traditional martial arts at traditional martial arts festivals held in Vietnam and other countries around the world.
Time of deployment: From May to December 2020.
Determining that the administrative reform is a major program of the Party, the State and the province, of special importance involving many fields in order to modernize the State administration, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district has step by step renewed the contents and forms of directing the implementation of the administrative reform program to suit the requirements and tasks set by the central government and the province.
small bowl 
Phase 2 (2013 - 2015)
To step up the development of high - yield and high - quality beef cow raising in order to raise the province's competitiveness in beef cow production; to build a high - quality beef cow raising area as a basis for building beef and beef cow brands in Binh Dinh province;
The adjusted tuition fee is determined according to the average household income with the tuition fee.
The People's Committees of communes, wards and townships shall make lists (enclosed with dossiers) of localities which have achieved the standards of cultured villages, cultured hamlets or cultured street quarters for 3 consecutive years.
Pursuant to the Law on organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Opening speech of the festival by the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee.
Vinh Thanh district shall effectively integrate capital sources of sustainable poverty reduction programs and projects into the program on building a new countryside in order to facilitate the development of commodity production and raise incomes for poor households.
It is expected that about 2000 martial artists and students from 60 international and 80 domestic delegations will attend.
old tree,
- To perform other tasks assigned by the Council's Chairman or Vice Chairman.
Thereby, creating a consensus, high unanimity among all members to organize the implementation.
by bamboo
Implementation of licensed wind and solar power projects
high rise
- Having preliminary design dossiers to ensure the criteria for allocation of support funds, including the length of each solid canal and designed irrigation area;
Exporting a number of plant varieties and animal breeds to foreign markets.
The Model Women's Association branches have regular activities with many rich contents such as cultural exchanges, building propaganda pieces for the Association's work, picking democratic flowers, prize-winning quizzes, exchanging experiences in building happy families, developing production, raising healthy children, teaching good children, helping poor women.
Guests come to play house
- They are being examined for penal liability;
clutch
Sequence and time of recruitment
At least 03 days before the Council's meeting for the Council's members to consider and give their opinions.
The Director of the provincial State Treasury and heads of concerned agencies and units shall implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
Reconciliation at the grassroots level;
marking 
In order to help Bana people put hybrid rice into production to improve rice productivity, in recent years, the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development of Vinh Thanh district has conducted experiments on a number of rice varieties in the district, deploying hybrid rice production models in mountainous villages of 9 communes and townships, gradually helping people firmly develop hybrid rice farming.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Agriculture and Rural Development Service and the director of the provincial Public Administrative Service Center;
The methods and forms of organizing the Association's activities have become more and more diversified, with contents step by step close to the youth's demands and the practical situation at the grassroots level.
On approving the Scheme on foreign language teaching and learning in the national education system in the 2008 - 2020 period;
Plating
In the province: The Service of Culture, Sports and Tourism shall take charge and organize the formulation of the program/plan.
Picked up at the boarding school by the head teacher, showing her where to stay and guiding the new school rules, Hang became more confident and happy in the new learning environment.
Ma'am, I want to be a teacher like you.
The Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee, the provincial Women's Union, the provincial Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union and the provincial Confederation of Labor shall, within the ambit of their functions and tasks, :
To allocate funds for the implementation of tasks and projects set forth in Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU under this Plan.
Pursuant to the document No. 5288/UBND-KT dated October 03,2017 of the People's Committee of the province on caring and additional planting of indigenous trees in protection forests of Vinh Thanh Protective Forest Management Board;
Recently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Kim Commune held the launch of the model "Kong Trú Village Farmers' Association to maintain security and order" with 18 farmers' members participating.
missing \
Currently, the situation of cattle and poultry diseases; especially avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease (HFMD) in cattle and pigs is still occurring in some neighboring provinces and complicated developments.
pierced,
Comply with regulations of law on construction investment and relevant contents of this Plan.
Through the propaganda sessions, members and people have helped to understand the meaning, rights and responsibilities of their own in the implementation of the national program to build a new countryside, thereby actively contributing to the construction of a new countryside in the locality such as participating in land donation, making rural concrete roads, roads to production areas; and implementing the movement that each household will build fences, beautiful gates, safe corridors, airy, hygienic garbage pits.
Conclusion of the meeting, Mr. Nguyen Huu Vui – Deputy Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development – Head of the Steering Committee directed Binh Dinh Irrigation Company Limited to review the reservoir operation system, implement on-site regulations, timely information to the people to take the initiative in evacuating people.
- To be exempt from land use levy or land rent within the project scope;
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Justice; departments, sectors, provincial mass organizations, People's Committees at all levels shall implement according to their responsibilities and management scope.
congratulate,
squeezed up 
In particular, promoting the propagation, education and mobilization of relatives in the family and community to participate and strictly comply with the regulations on environmental protection.
Animal husbandry herd repopulation activities after the Lunar New Year are continuing to increase. On the other hand, the weather situation is complicated, unusual rain and cold are favorable conditions for the epidemic to arise.
Thereby, in order to well implement the work of "gratitude, drinking water to remember the source" on the 72nd anniversary of the 27.7th anniversary of war invalids and martyrs.
To contribute to formulating and planning policies and resolutions of districts as well as socio - economic development objectives in their localities which are practical, effective and close to local realities.
Through classes, in order to raise awareness of political theory, determine their roles and responsibilities, actively strive to be in the ranks of the Party soon.
gecko
Techniques for planting wooden ears
Promote weight gain in May – July: Protein urea + potassium
Promulgating the Regulation on recognition of the titles "Cultured Family", "Cultured Village" and "Cultured Street Neighborhood"
Implementation time: From September 2018 to the end of December 2020 (05 semesters, equivalent to 90 weeks per academic year).
To train and support farmers in science and technology, varieties, post-harvest preservation and natural disaster and epidemic prevention and control.
to build the great unity of the nation
Leaders of agencies, enterprises, major investors with brands in Vietnam and in the province, the central and local press agencies.
In the afternoon of September 25, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee held a conference to review 10 years of implementation of Guidance No. 35 dated October 15, 2009 of the Central Organizing Committee on organization and operation of military branches of communes, wards and townships.
In particular, the emulation movement "Nice stadium" in building a new countryside is deployed by branches and mass organizations in association with the tasks of each unit such as:
blade (knife) 
Thank you.
To guide the People's Committees of communes, wards and townships as well as organizations and individuals engaged in production and business activities in their respective localities in implementing the law provisions on management of quality of agricultural supplies and agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety;
The Golden Dog followed.
Early childhood education teachers (Code: V.07.02.06): 
At the same time, to formulate plans and schemes on forest fire prevention and fighting, consolidate command committees and forest protection shock teams and teams, and thoroughly disseminate knowledge about forest management and protection and forest fire prevention and fighting among people in the whole commune.
(meat) cooked 
The young man paid, then went to the end of the market. Sister Six watched him attentively: he was not that nice!
The roles and positions of families and communities have been enhanced in building a cultural life; village and neighbourhood friendships have been strengthened, civilized lifestyles in weddings, funerals and celebrations have progressed in many places.
lustful
On September 14, the Political Training Center of Vinh Thanh district held the closing ceremony of the Political Theory Training class and issued certificates to the second batch of the Party in 2019.
blind,
The total estimated investment for Phan Tho Vo kiln is VND 749 million.
According to leaders of Vinh Thanh District People's Committee, although the implementation time under the "one-stop-shop" and "one-stop-shop" mechanism is not long, with the attention and direction of the district, along with the efforts and efforts of the contingent of cadres and civil servants, the quality, time and efficiency of solving the work of organizations, enterprises and citizens when required are promptly met.
Decision No. 2519/QD-BNN-KHCN dated June 29,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development
To ensure the targets and quality of enlisted youth, the district Military Service Councils have well carried out the process of recruitment and call-up of citizens for enlistment, ensuring strictness and proper subjects.
Article 1. The list of 05 new administrative procedures in the agriculture and rural development sector under the management of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development promulgated together with Decision No. 2412/QD-BNN-KHCN dated June 22,2018 is promulgated together with this Decision.
To help farmers have knowledge to apply to livestock production, promote the development of family economy
Use Pisomix - Y15 (rooted extremely strong), dilute 10g for 1 bottle of O doa 10 liters irrigate evenly for 5-7m nursery and water once every 5 days, watering from 3 to 4 times..
Serious violations shall be handled in accordance with law.
Article 1. The list of works and projects using less than 10 hectares of paddy land, less than 20 hectares of protective forest land, specialized forest land and the list of works and projects whose land is expropriated by the State for socio - economic development in the national and public interests in 2019 in the province are unanimously approved. In which:
flush (water) 
In which, Vinh Son commune has 04 comrades, Vinh Thuan has 03 comrades.
Organizations and individuals participating in the Program are entitled to credit policies for agricultural and rural development;
On the occasion of the 45th anniversary of the Liberation of Binh Dinh province, Mr. Nguyen Thanh Tung - Member of the Party Central Committee, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee visited and presented 10 gifts to typical policy families in Vinh Thanh district, each gift valued at VND 1 million.
The chapters shall organize propagation and integrate thematic talks on Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style into the activities of each group or club, such as exchanges, talks, or through contests and sports competitions.
The young man with the ivory tusk went straight home.
To advise provincial People's Committees on promulgating plans on prevention and control of avian influenza, FMD and African swine fever and plans on repopulation and development of swine raising in the province during 2020 - 2025 under the guidance of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and in conformity with the local animal raising situation.
According to the report of the authorities, so far in the district has established and assigned tasks to the members of the Steering Committee; has issued plans to meet 4 levels of the disease; the authorities have fully implemented measures to prevent and control infection, assigned staff on duty 24/24 to prevent and control acute respiratory infections caused by the new strain of Corona virus; spraying disinfectant chemicals Cloramin B at all schools, markets, agencies and units in the district and Health Centers to prevent and control COVID-19
To perform general tasks as assigned by the Organizing Committee and work out plans to ensure security, order and traffic safety before, during and after the festival;
Holding press conferences in Binh Dinh and Hanoi.
The district also organized 8 rural vocational training classes, with funding of over VND849 million.
To coordinate with the district Agricultural Service Center to open a training course on techniques of caring and preventing pests and diseases harmful to crops in the 2019 season for 50 farmers in Vinh Hiep commune.
Pursuant to the Law on State Budget dated December 16, 2002;
In order to help people improve their quality of life, over the years, the Party Committee of Vinh Hao commune has focused on leading, directing, strengthening solutions, effectively implementing the hunger eradication and poverty reduction, improving the quality of life for local people.
For production, business and service establishments that need to be reminded and sign environmental protection commitments
Plant protection and veterinary medicine shall be paid attention to, and epidemic prevention and control surveys and forecasts shall be conducted in a timely and effective manner so as to prevent the generation of pests in production.
Agencies, units and localities refer to the Ministry of Identity on the Action Month for Gender Equality and Gender-Based Violence Prevention and Control.
The courtyard
Chairpersons of district-level People's Committees shall request localities to receive and promptly allocate rice in support of people, ensuring proper people and proper beneficiaries in order to promptly solve food difficulties for households in the above-mentioned localities.
Congestion
In 6 years of implementing the project, 303, 000 cows will be bred artificially, giving birth to 290, 000 cross-bred calves, including 105, 000 high-quality cross-bred calves, and the herd of cows in Binh Dinh province will be improved.
browse 
The election starts at 6: 30 and ends at 11: 00 on September 15.
Pursuant to the Law on Land dated November 29, 2013;
The Council shall only consider dossiers made according to the prescribed contents, procedures and order.
PTDTBT
Resolution on the list of works and projects using less than 10 hectares of rice cultivation land; less than 20 hectares of protection forest land, specialized forest land and the list of works and projects whose land is expropriated by the State for socio-economic development in the national and public interests in 2019 in Binh Dinh province
This morning, he came to visit with his father.
Violence is not the solution.
Must be based on task requirements, working positions, number of assigned employees and regulations on standards of public employees' ranks/professional titles as prescribed.
Organize training for households producing fish balls and shrimp paste and shrimp raw material-purchasing establishments.
Ba na...
To coordinate with local credit institutions in inspecting and determining damage caused to borrowers under Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP and Circular No. 10/2015/TT-NHNN of July 22,2015, serving as a basis for provincial-level People's Committees to propose the Government to decide on debt freezing or remission under regulations.
At the festival, the delegates reviewed the glorious history and tradition of the Communist Party of Vietnam in the past 89 years; listened to the report on the results of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city" in 2019 and orientations and tasks in 2020.
Technical placement: The soil must ensure humidity of 85-90%.
In many places in the district, people still do not have the habit of collecting garbage to handle,
NZ NZ NZ
The economic life has developed, people have actively participated in contributing their efforts, joining hands to build a new countryside in the locality.
Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee
another,
Lethargy
Dose
On the field 
bowls
The district People's Committee has effectively implemented the socio-economic targets set out in the Resolution of the 11th session of the district People's Council,
From the beginning of the year, the district People's Committee directed the functional agencies to promote the transfer of scientific and technical advances, support production development,
In order to help farmers' members access to preferential capital sources for investment in production and business development, for many years, the district farmers' association has coordinated with the district bank for social policies in well implementing the provision of loans to poor households and social policy beneficiaries, considering this a key task of the association.
Pham Van Binh, of Vinh Phuc Village, Vinh Hiep Commune, said that this model was implemented by the villagers in agreement, contributing to join hands to protect the green, clean and beautiful environment in the locality.
vegetable flying boat 
How do you grow bananas?
Squirt
Livestock production: To ensure that 95% of pigs and 85 - 90% of poultry will be supplied with technically advanced breeds.
In case of inadequate housing, instruct students to contact other units to rent housing.
In recent years, the Party Central Committee at all levels in Vinh Thanh district has made many good and creative ways in mobilizing people to participate in patriotic emulation movements and campaigns launched by the Party Central Committee of Vietnam, such as the campaign "For the poor", "All people build a cultural life in residential areas".
Fertilizing NPK synthetic fertilizer supplements liner after fruit harvest and fertilizing NPK synthetic fertilizer finish in flowering, fruiting and large fruiting stages
Inspection and post-inspection on fishing vessels and fishing ports.
At the congress, delegates elected 15 comrades to the Executive Committee of Vinh Thuan Party Committee for the term 2020-2025.
photo gallery
The method of gathering and uniting the youth is more innovative, diverse and effective.
climbing (tree) 
nine,
Regarding the assignment and decentralization of the specialized examination, supervision and inspection of food safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products under the management of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Pursuant to the Law on Natural Disaster Prevention and Control dated June 19, 2013 
Local associations and mass organizations shall respond, be exemplary and take the lead in mobilizing and carrying out activities related to the "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day".
from...to...
- To be provided with necessary information on matters related to the Council's meetings and activities.
The campaign "For dear brothers and sisters" and the emulation movement "Build friendly schools, active students" promoted have produced positive results.
Having brought about practical efficiency, improved the material and spiritual life of the people, contributing to the protection of security and order and environmental protection in the district; the localities have well implemented this model such as Vinh Thinh Commune, Vinh Quang Commune, Vinh Hiep Commune, Vinh Thanh Township
Key Activities
Procedures for issuance, reissuance, and revocation of the certificate of food safety are specified in Article 17 of the Circular No. 38/2018/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 25,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Blinking
Quy Nhon Maritime Administration shall review the plan for prevention and control of natural disasters in 2020 within its jurisdiction. 
pulling
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in, balancing development investment capital under medium - term and annual plans for implementation of the Program.
Dozens of projects for people's life are invested in construction, the poor households are invested to support capital and materials for agricultural production, the life of the poor households has been markedly improved.
Attending the ceremony were Mr. Colonel Huynh Van An, Deputy Director of the Provincial Police, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Secretary of the District Party Committee, Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the District People's Committee.
squirrel
The Advisory Board of the Children's Council shall be responsible for directing and supporting the organization of activities of the Children's Council.
To formulate medium - term and annual plans for projects implemented by their attached units and send them to the Ministry of Planning and Investment and the Ministry of Finance for summarization under regulations.
Hi, I'm new here. What's your name?
The young man with the ivory tusk went straight home. The next morning, he went back into the forest to look at the fields. When he came home in the evening, he was surprised to see that the house was neat and clean. For a few days he felt the same way. He thought there was some kind person to help him. He decided to find that person.
unlucky
However, in addition to the achieved results, the district's economy also faced many difficulties due to African swine fever, dengue fever, prolonged sunny weather, rising prices of some agricultural commodities but production decreased due to crop failure, limited raw materials for industrial production of some commodities, land encroachment and illegal construction have not been thoroughly addressed, greatly affecting the local socio-economic development tasks.
shock up,
- The Chairman of the provincial Team Council;
At the same time, ask local authorities to continue caring for the material and spiritual life of policy families in the area.
Good and average soil with a distance of 1.0 x 1.0m (equivalent to 10,000 plants/ha).
Construction of houses for people with meritorious services to the revolution and families facing housing difficulties is being actively implemented by all levels and branches in Vinh Thanh district.
To appoint the heads of the Departments of Culture and Social Affairs and the provincial People's Councils to join the Advisory Board of the Children's Council.
a lake,
Mr. Tran Vu Thanh Hung - Deputy Director of Department of Planning and Investment;
Up to now, Vinh Son safe vegetables have been regularly ordered by Big C supermarket
Location for construction of student housing in Quy Nhon city: 
timely,
In the course of implementation, if any inappropriate or new contents arise, the concerned agencies, units, organizations and individuals shall promptly report them to the provincial / municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services for sum - up and submission to the provincial People's Committees for consideration and decision.
Harmful effects of pumping impurities (Agar) into raw shrimps in Hoai Nhon district and Quy Nhon city.
Results of implementation of the Resolution of the Party congresses at all levels for the 2015 - 2020 tenure, the Resolution of the XIIth Party Congress and the Resolution of the 4th plenum of the XIIth Party Central Committee on strengthening the Party's building and restructuring; preventing and repelling the recession in political ideology, ethics, lifestyle and internal "self - evolving" and "self - transforming" manifestations.
Announcement of the list of eligible candidates
With the determination to escape poverty, not expecting to rely on the State's poor household support policy, she and her husband publicly abandoned deforestation, both planting forests and planting trees for annual harvests such as noodles, hunger.
To continue effectively carrying out the peak period of attacking, suppressing and pursuing criminals, promptly settling complicated matters related to security and order right at the grassroots level; to effectively detect, combat and prevent crimes, food hygiene and safety violations, theft, robbery, ensuring traffic order and safety, fire and explosion prevention and fighting, ensuring security of public entertainment and recreation places, and festivals for people to celebrate the Spring Festival 2020 in a peaceful and safe manner.
Dossier of registration for recruitment; time and place of receipt of registration for recruitment of the recruitment participants.
Characteristics of selected cashew varieties: Cashew varieties must meet the following standards: High and stable yield (1.5-2 tons / ha); The multiplication rate is greater than 28%; Grain size is less than 170 grains / kg; Number of fruits / beam from 5-10 fruits. The rate of flowering shoots is greater than 75%, the plant grows well, spreads evenly and has few pests.
There's a lot of birds here, huh?
Non-agricultural land.
Through the campaign, villages and hamlets have built a cultured and civilized lifestyle in weddings and funerals, promoting cultural values in each residential area, contributing to repelling backward customs and superstition.
reef (tree) 
To develop technical infrastructure for coastal localities, sea areas and islands.
deep depths
In order to organize the effective implementation of the program to introduce Binh Dinh traditional martial arts into schools in the province in the coming time,
I wanted to be a postman. My father was away. I wanted his house every day.
Persons registering for public employee recruitment shall submit in person or by post recruitment registration cards, made according to a set form.
The young men walked away laughing and laughing.
Cultivation: Guaranteed to use 90% of certified rice varieties and F1 hybrid seeds;
The martial arts centers operate during the summer, the rest of the time, the number of practitioners is not much.
It is known that in 2019, Vinh Thanh district had 24 laborers participating in exporting to work abroad. 
Through the evaluation of the efficiency of the use of loans, it is shown that the members use the capital for the right purpose effectively, the capital is always closely inspected and supervised by the associations at all levels, so that the credit quality is improved, the overdue debt rate is reduced over the years.
The old men told me that in the old days, the village of Barnabas had the largest and most beautiful stilt house, called the loose house.
In order to help farmers develop their families' economy, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune has taken advantage of concessional loans and the Peasant Assistance Fund to help many farmer households in the commune to borrow capital for production development, cultivation and animal husbandry. The following article notes, invites people and friends to follow.
Requirements for external conditions
the west,
In addition, at the conference, Vinh Thanh district also implemented the poverty eradication plan for policy households and people with meritorious services in the district for the period 2019-2020.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003;
Yeah, I'm coming tonight.
Promote the spirit of solidarity, share good ways in production, help poor households with cash, production materials and thousands of workdays... to stabilize life, rise up to escape poverty sustainably.
To monitor the probability of pesticide residues in products (cucumber, bitter melon, water spinach, chili pepper) in the whole province.
Can I come with you?
Since then, it has contributed to changing the face of rural areas, improving the material and spiritual life of the people, creating the people's confidence in the Party and the State.
Playing the piano
Participating farmers are supported 70% of breeding fish and feed
Organize practical and effective cultural, economic, physical training and sports exchange activities
Performing and visiting typical martial arts kilns, historical and cultural relics, famous tourist attractions in the area.
25 farmer households directly participating in the model have been supported by Mahyco Vietnam Company with seeds, fertilizers and plant protection drugs.
In particular, 66 countries and territories now have covid-19 positive patients.
It's a long way. It takes two streams, two mountains to get there.
Up to now, Vinh Son commune has achieved 5/19 criteria such as: TC1- Planning; TC4 - Electricity; TC8 - Post; TC13 - Frequent employment rate; TC19 - Security and social order.
For example, in the sour and muddy land of Vinh Son highland commune, Vinh Thanh district, finding a rice variety that can adapt to the climate, soil conditions and cultivation practices of Bana people has always been a problem for the locality in order to help people with intensive farming conditions and stabilize local food sources.
Head: Mr. Nguyen Tuan Thanh, Vice Chairman of Binh Dinh People's Committee.
To build a local orange breeding model in Vinh Thuan commune on an area of 0.2 ha; to expand the model of safe vegetable production in Vinh Son commune on an area of 1.92 ha; to build a model of experimental rearing of brittle carp in Dinh Binh lake cages, a model of rearing chickens in gardens in Vinh Kim commune and a model of rearing commercial eels in Vinh Thinh commune.
This Decision is enclosed with the Plan for implementation of Directive No. 1391/CT-BNN-PCTT dated February 25,2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on enhancement of dike management and preparation for dike protection and flood control in 2020 in the province.
Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee Mr. Bui Tan Thanh chaired the conference 
Regarding the performance of professional tasks in 2019, District Public Security has directed the synchronous implementation of professional measures, investigation and clarification of 13/14 criminal cases, including 25 subjects, reaching a rate of 92.85%.
How much is this pitcher?
moon moon
One of the models of thrift practice, many sisters are responding to thrift at the society with many forms such as: raising pigs at the society, building love rice jars, saving from waste materials
Article 4. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province; Directors of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development, Industry and Trade
This area is full of malaria mosquitoes.
healing 
tree tops 
Regarding the performance of professional tasks in 2019, District Public Security has directed the synchronous implementation of professional measures, investigation and clarification of 13/14 criminal cases, including 25 subjects, reaching a rate of 92.85%.
sunflower flower
If the document referred to in this Clause is amended, supplemented or replaced, the amending, supplementing or replacing document shall prevail.
that (fishing) 
With the active participation of the entire political system, there are currently no cases of Covid-19 infection in the district.
In order to promote the movement of learning and following Uncle's words, in the coming time, the district Women's Union continues to further strengthen the propagation and mobilization of learning and following Uncle in all officers and women's members by many practical activities.
From there, applying to domestic animal husbandry, contributing to creating jobs and stable incomes for farmers.
teasing,
Over the past time, on the basis of the Party's and State's undertakings and policies, the district People's Committees have promptly issued guiding documents to guide the performance of the tasks of ethnic minority and mountainous education; worked out implementation plans suitable to the local situation and characteristics, and at the same time directed the effective organization of key activities in order to raise the quality of teaching and learning for ethnic minority teachers and pupils, especially for semi-boarding secondary schools.
The locality with the highest number of laborers participating in overseas employment is Vinh Thinh, Vinh Quang, Vinh Hiep and Vinh Hao communes.
Shaping pruning 
Annually, every 3 years and every 5 years, preliminary and final reviews shall be conducted to draw experiences for timely adjustment or promotion of fruitful activities.
7.5 points will be added to the result of round 2 exam score;
When's Mommy coming home?
Through the contest, in order to help students demonstrate their skills, techniques and knowledge of traditional professions, thereby having a sense of preserving and promoting the cultural traditions of their nation;
squirrel
Controlling food safety in the vicinity of the Safe Vegetables Project.
In the afternoon, when the buffalo was full, he laid two bundles of wood on the buffalo's back, and went home.
The provincial People's Committees shall set up councils for consideration and approval, and select subjects who fully meet the criteria,
six,
Are you selling firewood?
fights,
Decision on establishment of the Steering Committee for formulation of the Project "Agricultural restructuring towards value-added improvement and sustainable development" in Binh Dinh province
depressed,
In many places in the district, people still do not have the habit of collecting garbage to handle,
From the investment interests of the State together with the efforts of the Party and the people, the face of rural and mountainous Vinh Thanh today has many prosperities.
nails (horses) 
In the past tenure, the work of the Association and the youth movement in the district has achieved important results, contributing to the common achievements of the locality.
Recently, the district People's Committee directed the local agencies and units to coordinate with the associations to continue the implementation of Decision No. 160/QD-UBND dated 08/02/2018 of the district People's Committee on issuing the Plan "Strengthening the dissemination and education of law, mobilizing people in ethnic minority and mountainous areas" period 2017 - 2021 in the area.
To coordinate with the branches in well implementing the contents on the establishment and organization of activities of the Children's Councils.
certain,
Time and place: From 08/8/2019 to 11/8/2019 at Nguyen Tat Thanh Square, Quy Nhon City.
The rate of cattle vaccination reaches 85% of the total herd or more (no village or hamlet reaches the rate of vaccination of less than 80%).
To coordinate with provincial-level Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Departments in communication activities in the Action Month: To arrange places for placing panels, banners and posters.
root (tree) 
grain,
Using herbs in feed and drinking water to create antibacterial, antioxidant, stimulate immune function, increase resistance and limit the use of antibiotics in livestock.
He ran as he went.
farming 
(Enclosed with the project developed by the Department of Industry and Trade) 
The following article reflects on the results of the new rural construction program in Vinh Kim commune.
At present, life still faces many difficulties, Comrade Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee wishes the people to unite, together build the homeland more and more developed.
Decision on establishment of 02 interdisciplinary inspection teams to inspect the lending to disadvantaged students
Sixth.
Provincial-level departments, sectors, mass organizations and People's Committees at all levels shall implement this Circular according to their responsibilities and management scope.
At the same time, twinning units also integrate the propagation of guidelines and lines of the Party, policies and laws of the State on ethnic affairs, socio-economic development and strengthening of national defense and security of the locality.
In 2019, Vinh Thanh district coordinated to organize many sessions to propagate, consult, recruit laborers to work in the country and export laborers abroad to attract more people to learn.
The population as of 2018 is 1,534,767 people, of which urban 475,481 people make up 30.98%, rural 1,059,286 people make up 69.02% mainly agricultural.
Very little. The big ones have eagles, hawks, peacocks. The small ones have parrots, dragons, crests.. 
Total fisheries output is estimated at 486 tons, reaching 59.3% of the plan, up 5.7% over the same period, of which exploitation output is 67 tons, rearing output is 419 tons.
Participating in the class there are 56 elite people from the grassroots Party branches in the district.
People understand and agree with the State to join hands to implement, contributing to creating a more prosperous rural face
For projects and plans requesting supports for linkage in rice seed production
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Then this bulging part will dry out and crumble. Caterpillars often harm young cashew trees, especially seedlings in nurseries or business cashew trees during the period of young leaf growth.
not thick 
In the year, the entrustment between the district VBSP and 4 associations and mass organizations from the district to the grassroots level has seen many positive changes.
Festival day
Chairpersons of People's Committees of communes, wards and townships and relevant organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision.
Agencies assigned to assume the prime responsibility for inspection results shall explain related matters under their management to superior agencies.
Decide on recruitment of public employees and direct the signing of working contracts 
Especially, in order to help the subordinate branches organize the congress in accordance with the provisions and contents of the proposed plan, the Party Committee of the commune held a point congress in the 8th village branch to draw experience.
Manure 5 – 10 tons or microbiological fertilizer 0.5 – 1 ton.
People here have changed in thinking, know how to apply scientific advances to production, cultivation and animal husbandry.
After 15 - 20 days, water the seedlings with phosphate fertilizer (or NPK) dilute (5kg /1 360 m2). Stop fertilizing inorganic fertilizer before transplanting the seedlings for planting about 10 days.
To review, adjust and supplement legal documents related to the state management of varieties and breeds.
The Government's Decree No. 92/2017/ND-CP dated August 07,2017;
squirrel
oi burning 
Through the Campaign "Learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh" associated with building a cultured family,
The 18th Party Congress of the district is scheduled to be held in August 2020
Recognizing the importance and responsibility of environmental protection for improving health and living conditions, the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune has launched and implemented many emulation movements, in which the association's work and women's movements are associated with the fulfillment of the criteria for building a new countryside.
Ho Chong martial arts furnace, Tay Son district
eyes,
To continue investing in and effectively promoting the operation of martial arts furnaces.
In order to carry out the tasks in the field of work of the Board in the province,
At the request of the Department of Construction in Document No. 614/SXD-QLN dated September 21,2009,
Currently, these peach trees are growing well, the last Tet has flowering 
the height of the
Over the past years, Vinh Thanh district has focused on leading, directing and effectively implementing ethnic minority programs, projects and policies, contributing to improving the material and spiritual life of ethnic minority people in the district.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 49/2010/ND-CP dated May 14,2010 on tuition fee exemption and reduction, support for learning costs;
Public opinion issues of concern or need to orient public opinion;
Currently the study and cultivation of cyanobacteria is very developed and also very successful on some scales in different regions. 
Up to Vinh Son highland commune, you can see the changes in the lives of ethnic minority people here.
right (go) 
At the meeting to implement the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in 2019, Chairman of the People's Committee of Le Van Dau district, Head of the Steering Committee for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in 2019 of Vinh Thanh district requested the relevant units and the People's Committees of communes and townships to closely follow the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue of the district to develop and strengthen the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue for their units and localities; inspect, review and assess the quality of irrigation works in the area and have plans to repair damaged and degraded works; review and inventory materials, means and equipment for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue.
All enlisted youth meet the standards of education and health
In order to effectively implement the Resolution of the district-level People's Council, the district-level People's Committee shall request departments, divisions, units and People's Committees of communes and townships to focus on directing and organizing the synchronous and effective performance of the following tasks:
In the morning, I went to school.
Article 1. Approving the scheme for investment in construction, upgrading and repair of agricultural and rural development works during 2021 - 2025 in Binh Dinh province (enclosed herewith).
Attending were Mr. Bui Tan Thanh – Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee; Mr. Ho Thi Hoan – Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, leaders of mass organizations and especially the presence of 74 high-achieving students in the University entrance examination in 2019.
desiccated
He had heard a lot about the chicken flu lately. They kept his chickens in a patch of garden near the pond. He fed them twice a day.
Afternoon
Summary of the implementation of the Program No. 28-CTr/BCĐCCTPTW-HDPHTW dated July 14,2015 of the Central Steering Committee for Judicial Reform and the Central Council for Coordination in Legal Affairs
(Enclosed with the Resolution No. 29/2015/NQ-HDND dated December 25,2015 of the 11th Provincial People's Council, 12th session) 
At least 05 working days prior to the date of the examination
Article 12. Funding sources for policy implementation
In the past month, Vinh Thanh Forest Protection Department has continued to promote forest management, forest protection and forest product management activities.
Conduct fundraising for the festival.
Chapter I: General provisions
Coordinating agencies: Department of Planning and Investment, Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, Department of Industry and Trade, Department of Finance, relevant departments and People's Committees of Vinh Thanh, Van Canh, An Lao, Hoai An, Tay Son and Phu Cat districts.
piece (cloth) 
Dredging of water outlets of pumping stations, sewers, canals
It can be seen that through the support programs of the State, the lives of ethnic minority people in the district have had many successes.
Teams underwent two compulsory exams, one for greeting and the other for knowledge.
At the conference, the delegates focused on discussing the action program, highly agreed on the tasks and solutions set out in the spirit of high responsibility, determination to successfully implement the Resolution of the district People's Council on socio-economic development tasks and state budget estimates in 2020.
The district People's Committee has effectively implemented the socio-economic targets set out in the Resolution of the 11th session of the district People's Council,
Provincial-level Education and Training Departments shall review and summarize dossiers and send them to provincial-level Finance Departments for submission to provincial-level People's Committees for consideration and decision on refund of provincial budgets under regulations.
Strengthening programs in ethnic languages, in association with the theme of "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" in Binh Dinh
In the implementation of the National Target Program on Building a New Countryside, the communes have stepped up the propagation and mobilization of people to work together to build a new countryside.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Lifelong Learning Response Week 2019, Vice Chairman of District People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao affirmed: The Lifelong Learning Response Week is an opportunity to continue honoring, preserving and promoting the precious tradition of filial piety of the Vietnamese nation.
On June 15 and 16, Vinh Thanh District Health Center cooperated with Vinh Kim Commune Health Station to deploy the campaign for reproductive health and family planning in the first phase of 2020, in Vinh Kim Commune.
In the past three years, the district Peasants' Association has attached importance to the implementation of Scheme No. 24 of the Association's Central Committee and the Plan of the provincial Peasants' Association on the building of professional branches and associations, aiming to support their members in developing household economy, thereby rallying and unifying their members and building a stronger and stronger peasants' class.
Squirt,
At the end of the program, there was an article recording the care and construction of houses for social policy beneficiaries in the district.
after,
late night,
Article 2. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Justice Service; the heads of the provincial services, departments and branches;
On strengthening the Party's leadership in PBGDPL work to meet the country's development requirements in the new situation (in replacement of Directive No. 32-CT/TW)
Especially, in the area of frequent water shortage, saltwater intrusion,
At the same time, the functional branches shall also expeditiously work out solutions to overcome difficulties and limitations so that the programs and projects implemented in the people's areas can bring about the highest efficiency, quickly fulfill the objectives of the programs and projects.
The organization and personnel work has been put into order and basically well performed; the leadership, direction and guidance on the review, assessment and quality rating in 2019 for Party organizations, Party members and collectives and individuals of leading and managerial officials at all levels have been ensured according to regulations. Last year, Vinh Thanh district also completed the reorganization of grassroots Party organizations in line with the organizational apparatus at a number of agencies and units.
Oh, I love it.
Many models in the fields of cultivation, husbandry, general service business, farm economy development have been increasingly developed such as pumpkin cultivation in Vinh Thuan, Vinh Hao and Vinh Hoa communes, chili cultivation in Vinh Quang and Vinh Hoa communes and aquaculture in Vinh Hao commune.
Currently, the commune is implementing the first vaccination in 2020, the livestock husbandry households also always create favorable conditions for officials to implement the vaccination
Coated
Launcher
In the first 6 months of 2019, the socio - economic development in Vinh Thanh district continued to develop stably, total production value was estimated at VND928.4 billion, reaching 51.5% of the plan, up 14.4% over the same period, in which agricultural, forestry and fishery production increased by 8.2%; industry - handicrafts increased by 28.9%; trade - services increased by 19.6%. Culture, society, administrative reform and prevention of corruption and wastefulness continued to have positive changes, people's life was gradually improved and raised.
To concentrate on directing production to ensure harvest schedules and crop structures suitable to climate and soil conditions of each region.
Since then, the rate of poor households in the district has decreased gradually over the years according to the set targets.
Propagation - education, promotion
Methods of analysis and synthesis
shrimps
Cadres, civil servants and public employees are dedicated to their work, preserve ethics, a clean and healthy lifestyle, uphold the spirit and attitude of serving the people.
The hybrid rice with its superior characteristics is well resistant to external conditions, less requiring a high intensive mode of cultivation as pure rice, so the majority of Bana people still prefer to use hybrid rice in cultivation.
Mr. Bui The Ty, Department of Planning and Finance, Department of Education and Training
The Dragon
In which, there are many targets achieved and exceeded the Resolution's objectives.
Up to now, the Women's Union of Vinh Son Commune has coordinated with the Transaction Office of the Social Policy Bank of the district to disburse over VND 3 billion, lending 98 times to households to invest in production and business.
Improving the quality of sea ecotourism services, high quality sea resorts, entertainment, food, shopping, sea sports (canoe flying, coral diving, water motorcycles, butterfly boats, windsurfing,...) 
Annually organize training courses to improve capacity for members of the Children's Council.
To decide on the assignment and decentralization of the tasks of inspecting, examining and supervising the quality of agricultural supplies, rural daily-life water and agricultural, forestry and fishery food safety under the management of the Agriculture and Rural Development Service in Binh Dinh province.
What's the point of mowing the lawn?
Mr. Ho Ngoc Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development;
In 2019, Ta Diek village had 97.7% of families achieved the title of cultured family and 100% of them were recognized as cultured villages.
Watering: After planting need to water thoroughly, sunny 5-7 days watering once. Regularly keep the plants moist, pay attention not to let the soil dry out. 
drain
fall,
Unused land.
The People's Committees of rural districts, towns and cities shall have to coordinate with the concerned branches of their respective provinces in :
The association has built two sections for women self-management of environmental sanitation in two villages of Dinh Tri and Ta Diek, the flower road section of Ta Diek village has 451 sisters participated, the commune Women's Union has coordinated with the district Division of Natural Resources and Environment to collect and classify waste and treat waste at home with 65 households participated.
Department of Industry and Trade
In 2019, the work of hunger eradication and poverty alleviation in the district continued to have many positive changes, the material and spiritual life of the people is increasingly improved.
Apparently blue foxglove not only gives us a lot of pharmacological features but it also brings a very high economic value to humans.
Implementation time: According to the plan and requirements of the central government.
After 7 months of deployment, so far the model shows positive results.
melancholy,
hot lick
The construction and installation cost for 101, 000 m2 of dormitory floor is: 101, 000 m2 x VND 3, 600 million = VND 363, 600 million. 
Using funds in the annually assigned State budget expenditure estimates according to the provisions of the State Budget Law
More than 95% of used mushroom varieties meet grade - 1 standards; domestic production of vegetable varieties meets 25 - 30% of demand.
squirrel
HTND
hooded
At the Conference, the delegates also focused on discussing, contributing opinions and solutions to better implement the recruitment and call-up of citizens for military service in the coming year.
On the morning of February 19, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee organized a conference on “Learning and Following the Thoughts, Ethics and Ho Chi Minh Style in 2020" for key leaders of the district and Party Committees of communes and townships in the district.
(drug) poison 
At the conference, delegates spent time analyzing and pointing out weaknesses that need to be overcome in the coming time, in order to fulfill the targets and tasks set for the last 3 months of 2019.
The above amount was transferred to districts by grassroots trade unions of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies in response to the call of the Prime Minister, the Central Committee of the Vietnam Fatherland Front and the direction of the Standing Committee of Trade Unions of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies on joining hands in Covid-19 prevention and control.
After that, the Provincial Team Council shall review the model and advise on the establishment of the Children's Council for the new term after the election of the People's Councils at all levels in 2021).
Article 2.-Provincial delegations shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned agencies and units and People's Committees of districts, towns and cities in :
In addition, the delegation also advised ethnic minority people in the locality how to prevent diseases, health care; methods to preserve water and living hygiene.
Carrying
It is known that by the end of 2019, the rate of poor households in Vinh Hao commune decreased to 41.27%, down 5.74% over the same period.
To sum up the situation and report it to the Festival Organizing Committee and propose monthly and when necessary meetings of the Organizing Committee.
drumming
According to the People's Committee of Vinh Hao commune, by the end of 2019, Vinh Hao commune had 376 poor households, accounting for 41.27%, a decrease of 5.74% compared to the previous year.
Products of households ensure safe vegetable standards and are strongly consumed on the market inside and outside the district.
Complete the plan by 2020 
To the leaders at the central and local levels:
The couple left happily.
Using the model design of student housing provided by the Ministry of Construction.
Funding for the project: VND 150,000,000 (under the Safe Vegetables Project).
dear,
From concessional loans, members have invested to increase production
underneath the
that,
(eats) done 
Cultivation techniques
The Director of the Department of Education and Training shall:
pissed down,
Regarding the time for holding the congress: The congress of affiliates of the grassroots Communist Party shall not exceed 1 day, be held in the first quarter of 2020 and completed before 31.3.2020.
He shouted happily.
Types of enterprises, agricultural cooperatives, cooperative groups, organizations, households and individuals carrying out conversion of production of shallow crops on paddy land already planned, according to annual plans of localities;
Nipple
The membership movement "Capital contribution" to help each other eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty is well maintained.
The investment in infrastructure construction in Vinh Thanh district in the past years has brought many positive results such as: Concrete roads are built to villages, creating favorable conditions for people to travel and trade.
Average food per capita reached 264 kg; average income per capita was 15.3 million VND / year
Decision promulgating the plan on development of dormitories for lease to students of universities, colleges, professional secondary schools and vocational schools in Binh Dinh province during 2009 - 2015
- To irrigate 120,000 ha of agricultural production land;
Accreditation Level 
In the past tenure, the commune Party Committee has always fulfilled its tasks.
Protect teaching equipment during rainstorms and floods.
flock (birds) 
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with local credit institutions in, managing, inspecting, examining and supervising the implementation of credit policies for agriculture and rural areas under regulations.
Mr. Nguyen An Pha, Chairman of Binh Dinh Literature and Art Association;
How many days is a month?
Featured is the "garbage pit at home" model undertaken by commune women that has promoted efficiency, making the environment green - clean - beautiful.
Department of Health shall direct provincial preventive medicine centers, health education and communication centers and health centers of districts, towns and cities to cooperate with veterinary agencies in :
Visiting Mrs. Dinh Thi Luan's family in Kon Blo village, Vinh Son commune - one of the households that has just escaped from the poverty line.
Besides, strengthening the patrol, inspection and blocking of key areas of deforestation and forest encroachment to not generate new forests as well as the areas that have been cut down for self-regeneration into forests. People are not allowed to cultivate on the violated areas.
The district Military Commands, the district Police, the district People's Procuracies, the district Civil Judgment Execution Sub-Departments... shall renew their working styles and styles, close to and close to the people, listen to and dialogue with the people, especially raising the efficiency of the timely and accurate settlement of the people's complaints and petitions.
To protect and promote fine traditional cultural values in localities; at the same time to create a strong change in the perception of building prosperous, progressive and happy families; to prevent and combat domestic violence; to eradicate backward customs and practices, actively contributing to the movement to build cultured families and cultured villages.
make out,
Announcement of public employee recruitment results
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned agencies in, assisting provincial - level People's Committees in monitoring, urging and reviewing the implementation of this Plan; to urge the performance of set tasks and propose new tasks and solutions for sustainable development of marine economy in the province.
The material and spiritual life of the district is also being improved and improved.
My son,
Yeah, but I just learned how to plow.
For the autumn rice crop, it is also being deployed by relatives as soil to put into production.
The total installed capacity of wind power is 180 MW.
Like many of the people here, he hopes the project will be completed soon.
Access to law in Binh Dinh province is associated with the implementation of the criteria "communes meeting the standards of access to law" in the national set of criteria for new rural communes in the 2016 - 2020 period.
Verification report No. 36/BC-VHXH dated December 01,2011 of the Department of Culture and Social Affairs of the provincial People's Council and opinions of delegates of the provincial People's Council at the session.
Some common pests
still,
Support Conditions
Under Articles 4, 5 and 6 of this Regulation, they are also entitled to supports from provincial budgets as follows:
climbing (tree) 
Integrated funding from projects: VND 551,000,000 (RAT Project: VND 400,000,000 and LCASP Project: VND 151,000,000).
Ensure that the livestock flocks grow and develop well without worrying about diseases affecting the economy of the family.
In order to step by step change the people's awareness, the commune steering committee has directed Vinh Thuan commune health station to coordinate with mass organizations, from commune to village to implement many integrated communication programs and to each house to mobilize women of reproductive age who do not give birth to a third child, couples to implement family planning and reproductive health care.
In order to promote the development of housing for students, training institutions and housing for workers
Implementation period: 3 years, from 2016 to 2018.
Primary school students and preschool children return to school from 04.5.2020 
Downwards
The stone of Hebien with an ancient inscription still stands on the river Kôn. 
WHITE
TUV
three three three
To appoint a leading official of the provincial/municipal Education and Training Service to act as deputy head of the Advisory Board of the Children's Council.
knee brace
By 2030, there will be 7 wind power projects and 22 solar power projects invested in the province.
This is really an extensive political activity in the entire Party and people in the commune.
swimming,
One day he pretended to be carrying a knife and went out early. After a while he sneaked back to the house. From outside he could hear two young girls laughing together very cheerfully. He walked in and saw that they were two very beautiful girls.
toss,
Although they are mostly Zebu crosses, their productivity and meat quality are low; crosses for high-quality meat only make up a very small proportion of the herd.
To actively participate in building the Party and administration, building a new countryside; building the great national unity bloc.
In order to prevent the above situation, the Chairman of district People's Committee has directed the functional agencies and People's Committees of communes and towns to strengthen the inspection and control of the transportation and trading of cattle and poultry to timely handle the violations as prescribed; Propagate and mobilize people not to participate in the trading and use of cattle and poultry products that do not ensure the quality, and detect and denounce to the local authorities the cases of transportation and trading of cattle and poultry with signs of epidemic for timely handling.
You can't make a roof without weeds.
Your field,
At the same time with the policy on seed price support, Binh Dinh agriculture has also built many models of intensive wet rice cultivation in highland areas to produce hybrid rice varieties, bringing the average yield in mountainous areas to 60 to 70 tons/ha.
To closely coordinate with the provincial/municipal Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Services and various levels and branches in organizing activities to promote children's right to participation.
In 2019, Vinh Hao commune has well implemented the work of hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, so that people's awareness is raised.
To coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in formulating mechanisms and policies for the Program implementation.
Mushrooms are the favorite dish of many people, so if the user can not distinguish poisonous mushrooms and edible mushrooms, it is easy to cause poisoning, causing harm to the health and life of people.
Pursuant to the Law on Animal Husbandry dated November 19, 2018;
To pay attention to the formulation, training and assurance of regimes and policies for militia, self-defense and reserve forces
Needle
And guide the local to organize activities and programs "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day".
or supplement policies related to the operation of the Relic Management Board.
Currently, the price of raw noodles with a starch content of 30% is being purchased at the factory at the level of 1.9 to 2 million VND / ton, down more than 1 million VND / ton compared to the end of 2019; the cause is the impact of the Covid-19 epidemic that causes starch export difficulties.
high rise
Through the year-end review, there were 288 farmer households achieving the title of good farmers at all levels, achieving 115% of the plan (of which 03 at the central level; 16 at the provincial level; 106 at the district level and 163 at the grassroots level).
to listen,
Don't let the buffalo go. I'll get some straw for the buffalo to eat.
chicken crest 
the chopsticks,
Over the past time, despite the strengthening of measures to prevent and control dengue fever, the epidemic situation is still increasing in the district.
Mr. Dinh Drin, deputy of the provincial People's Council, has absorbed the petitions and proposals of voters to submit them to the relevant departments and branches for consideration and settlement and submission to the provincial People's Council in the next session.
In addition, the Association coordinated with the State Bank branch in Vinh Thanh district to establish 13 more loan organizations in communes and townships with a total outstanding debt of VND 18 billion.
Speaking on the conclusion of the conference, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh - Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee emphasized the results achieved and limitations in the leadership and direction of the implementation of political tasks in the first nine months of the year, and pointed out some key tasks of the last three months of 2019.
If not detected early, sprayed in time and treated thoroughly, the fungus can wither the leaves, young shoots before cutting, reducing the area of photosynthesis affecting crop yield.
The number of poor households reduced annually must be attributed to the very important role of the village and hamlet Party committees, which have brought into full play the pioneering and exemplary role of the Party members in leading the people to implement the Party's lines and undertakings as well as the State's policies and laws, especially the resolutions of the Party committees of districts and communes in the economic restructuring along the direction of commodity production and raising of people's living standards.
wool in,
In addition, we can combine weeding, lightly tilling the surface for loose soil so that the plants quickly take root, grow faster. Combine insecticides for plants and fertilize to provide nutrients for plants to grow.
You get up this early in the morning every day?
Mountainous area, including communes of Van Canh, An Lao and Vinh Thanh districts
To uphold professional ethics, public - duty ethics, the spirit of service to the people, build up an agency of integrity, responsibility and wholehearted service to the people, concretely :
Angle
Vinh Thuan commune sets out the goal of striving to complete the system of roads of villages and hamlets; the internal field irrigation system of the concentrated production areas; building, strengthening and developing the system of cultural institutions, improving the quality of the movement of cultured families, cultured villages, preserving and promoting the cultural identity of the nation, contributing to the implementation of socio-economic development objectives in the locality.
With the money, rice collected from the above models, the association has helped 3 members to stabilize their lives.
sleep,
To intensify the quarantine of imported cows in order to prevent the spread of diseases from outside the province.
There are no topics or projects serving the preservation of precious assets of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts, which are the martial arts.
click,
Aunt
Through this, helping ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district gradually improve the quality of life, reduce diseases, repel social evils, rise to enrich sustainably.
With the achievements, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hoa commune is highly appreciated by the Party Committee and the government for its role in agricultural development and building a new countryside. The district Farmers' Union has been recognized as a strong and excellent unit for many years.
In addition, hot and cold weather conditions have abnormal developments, reducing the resistance of cattle and poultry flocks, which are favorable conditions for the development of epidemics, the risk of widespread epidemics is very high.
In which the thorough application of technical measures to production is one of the solutions recommended by scientists to farmers.
Care: After sesame seedlings grow about 10 - 15cm high, prune seedlings with a distance of 5-7cm, ensuring a density of 50 - 70 plants / m2.
green - undercooked
the (chopstick) 
the flood,
The year,
It is composed of the following members :
Mommy, why do our buffaloes have all their teeth broken in their upper jaws?
How far is Hanoi?
Objectives of the Scheme
Low intellectual level, along with very harsh natural conditions, difficult transportation has greatly hampered the socio-economic development.
Purchase equipment, quick test kits (for training, professional training on food safety: Purchase computers, projectors, chemicals, tools...). 
The one who took all the monkey fortunes.
No matter what,
It's over there.
flowery
scared,
Recently, the campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life and a civilized city" associated with the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" has created a strong change in awareness and action among people of all strata, becoming a regular activity at the grassroots level; through 5 contents of the campaign, the Front and associations and mass organizations have launched the emulation movement for economic development, implementing the policy of changing crops, plant varieties and animal breeds for high productivity; building models of caged fish, hybrid cows, lean pigs, large-acre fields, bananas, red peppers, pumpkins, peppers... to develop farm and family farm economies with high efficiency.
how much,
Annually, the district health center shall set aside an amount corresponding to 5 hospital beds for each commune in order to increase human resources, support equipment, medicines, essential supplies and means of transportation for patients in cases beyond the handling capacity of the station.
loudly,
If you won't be back by noon, I'd like you to come to my house in the evening and have a drink to celebrate your new home.
Smoothness
Direct specialized divisions in the province (Department of Agriculture/Economy, etc.) to proactively advise and cooperate with provincial specialized agencies in:
Vinh Thanh district awarded the Party badge for the 2.9th time to 29 party members
Speaking on the conclusion of the conference, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh - Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee emphasized the results achieved and limitations in the leadership and direction of the implementation of political tasks in the first nine months of the year, and pointed out some key tasks of the last three months of 2019.
Cavity worms: Cavity worms are omnivorous, young worms are black-brown, the first abdominal segment has a large black mark around it, the worm eats the leaves, biting across the tree. 
Many new movements and campaigns have created practical social effects such as: "Vietnamese children emulation follows 5 things Uncle Ho taught", "Good deeds", "Tran Quoc Toan"... contributing to traditional education, ethics, personality and lifestyle for members, teenagers and children, deserve to be good children, good team members, good grandchildren of Uncle Ho.
Standing Deputy Head: Mr. Dao Duc Tuan, Director of Department of Education and Training.
bisexual (flowers) 
Article 9.-Sources of capital for policy implementation
where,
Vietnamese Fatherland Front of districts shall direct grassroots Fatherland Front to integrate and propagate the movement of protecting national security, ensuring mountain security, preventing and fighting crimes and social evils, protecting the environment, responding to climate change and ensuring traffic safety.
Introduce the participants of the Festival in turn in the order of marching through the stage (30 seconds to show the characteristics of the sect) 
Adjust the summer crop and autumn crop production plan appropriately, switch to shallow crops on suitable land to save irrigation water
Issued together with Decision No. 3489/QD-UBND dated September 22,2017 of the President of the People's Committee of the province
Reviewing and selecting subjects meeting the criteria specified in Section I, Part 2 of Circular No. 116/2006/TT-BNN dated December 18,2006 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
In the past 5 years, Vinh Thuan Commune has deployed the construction of 27 works for production and people's life, with a total investment of nearly 13 billion VND.
As a result, the yield of hybrid rice has increased to nearly 70 tons per hectare over the past few years. Many regions are not eligible for hybrid rice production. We recommend that people should produce pure rice, but they do not agree, because the yield of hybrid rice is twice as high as that of pure rice.
Using refined frozen Zebu cross-bred cattle to improve the local herd (domestic cattle), radical cross-bred Zebu cross-bred cattle, to improve the rate of cross-bred blood, create a cross-bred female herd as a basis for cross-breeding high-quality beef cattle.
Deployment contents
Recently, despite the implementation of a number of topics in the province, but mainly going into the study of the formation and development of traditional martial arts Binh Dinh.
In the course of construction, subjects shall manage construction quality, volume, progress, safety and environmental sanitation.
Economic sectors participating in the development of students' dormitories with non-budgetary capital sources
Mr. Tran Minh Quoc - Deputy Director of the Provincial People's Procuracy;
Implementing the direction of the district People's Committee, the district Agricultural Service Center coordinates with local authorities to deploy epidemic prevention and control.
The doctor said the bones weren't broken.
During the summer the number of martial artists increased tremendously, with more than ten thousand students enrolled in training.
Before placing fertilizer lining 8-10 tons of rotten manure or 2,500 kg of microbiological organic fertilizer and 500-600 kg of phosphate supe, if the field is sour, it is necessary to add 500 kg of lime powder.
In order to improve and achieve the criteria of rural environment, Vinh Thanh district has directed communes, townships and associations to strengthen the mobilization of people to implement measures to clean the environment of residential areas, disinfect and decontaminate the area of barns, village roads, clear sewers, collect and treat waste and build clean water works, sanitary works in accordance with standards.
Article 1. To promulgate together with this Decision the Plan on development of dormitories for lease to students of universities, colleges, professional secondary schools and vocational schools in Binh Dinh province during 2009 - 2015.
The efforts of the women's unions in the district have brought many positive results, making an important contribution to improving the environment, fulfilling the environmental criteria in building a new countryside.
Shirt Shirt
In 2020, Vinh Thanh district will focus on comprehensive agricultural development in the direction of commodity production, quality and efficiency.
Under the dried leaves, which had begun to rot, the grass grew spindly.
These martial arts studios will be the nucleus of the movement, whose mission is to preserve and develop Binh Dinh traditional martial arts.
Head of the Consultation Board: Mr. Secretary of the Provincial Union. 
Thank you. Can we have some water?
My name is Yao. Where is the house of Yol?
Participating in this model, every week households in the Village participate in sweeping and collecting waste in accordance with regulations, ensuring general sanitation of the self-governing road section.
Organization of implementation according to the principles 
(eats) and then,
Finance, Science and Technology, Tourism, Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs
Having obtained these results, in the past year, Vinh Thanh district has adopted appropriate solutions and ways to restructure crops and livestock, put trees and breeds of high economic value into cultivation, helping people improve their incomes.
The Vinh Son commune infirmary is a small row of houses in the center of the commune. Since the infirmary, this is the first time Yôl has walked in. 
army,
On the morning of April 4, the Party Committee of Vinh Quang Commune held a conference to thoroughly study the thematic contents in 2020 for all Party members in the Party Committee.
equally beautiful,
woolen
Use a hoe to cut the row 2-3 cm deep on the surface of the bed, 30 cm from the row.
In Vinh An commune, Tay Son district will sell to serve people at the Center store of Vinh An commune, Tay Son district, will serve regularly, continuously before, during and after Tet
First of all, the teaching of martial arts is primarily aimed at spiritual satisfaction,
The emulation movement "Nice Stadium" has been implemented by localities and units, making important contributions to socio-economic development and political security and stability in localities.
Mr. Tran Xuan Tinh, Senior Education Officer, Department of Education and Training.
With the concrete and practical work of the association organization and the will of self-reliance, self-reliance and spirit of overcoming difficulties of its members, together with promoting the effectiveness of the State's support policies,
Coordinating agencies: Department of Agriculture and Rural Development, Office of the provincial People's Committee, departments and sectors of the province and relevant agencies and organizations.
whistle
In addition, the Farmers' Union of the commune has coordinated to open training courses on transfer of science and technology for members on breeding techniques, cultivation, afforestation... 
Implementing the Plan No. 58 of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and the Plan of the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh District on the Party Congresses at all levels, by the end of 2019, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has completed the Congress of the Party's affiliated branches in accordance with regulations; directing the branches to associate the organization of the Congress with the implementation of patriotic emulation movements in all fields.
Determining that agriculture and forestry, especially agro-forestry farm economy, are the major economic sectors of mountainous districts, in the past 5 years, the province has focused on implementing many important solutions such as increasing infrastructure investment, stepping up technical consultancy support and preferential credit support, thereby step by step developing agricultural and forestry production in a relatively comprehensive manner, helping many ethnic minority households escape poverty.
trips,
Squirting
Humidifier
Do not organize extra classes, day-boarding, flag raising, extracurricular activities, or meetings of the teachers' council.
Developing and implementing the Action Month plan within sectors and localities
Over the past years, Vinh Thuan Commune Farmers Association has always proactively coordinated with the Women's Union, Youth Union, War Veterans Association to propagate and mobilize officials and farmers to actively implement the environmental protection, considering it the task of the Association in the emulation movement to build a new countryside.
As a result, there are many models such as breeding pigs, meat pigs, poultry, general economic models... bringing a fairly stable revenue.
And the heads of the concerned units shall have to implement this Decision as from the date of its signing.
HCTĐ
a lot,
The district Military Service Board has conducted the political examination and approval of 1,297 young men subject to conscription in the district.
On October 29, at the first-instance criminal trial, the People's Court of Binh Dinh province sentenced Mr. Dinh Dinh, 74, in Vinh Kim commune to 4 years in prison for "illegally storing and using military weapons" causing serious consequences. On the civil part, the provincial People's Court forced Mr. Dinh to pay compensation to the victim of nearly VND 126 million.
In furtherance of the direction of the provincial Centers for Disease Control, in the coming time, the district health sector shall continue to intensify the grassroots malaria epidemiological surveillance; examine and investigate malaria epidemiology, mosquitoes transmitting malaria, take blood smears for tests and rapid diagnostic tests;
To ensure publicity, fairness, objectivity, transparency and compliance with law.
Legal profession-practising organizations, other individuals and organizations and the support and financial support for this work.
Therefore, the number of violations of the Law on Forest Protection and Development in the area during the year remains high.
Regularly inspect and closely monitor the fluctuation of market prices, strictly handle cases of trading in fake goods, goods of poor quality, goods of unclear origin, goods failing to ensure food hygiene and safety; propose solutions to contribute to price stabilization, solve problems in the course of implementation.
the package,
From here, bringing high incomes to the people, the rate of poor households decreases every year.
The NPCs of communes and townships have coordinated in building 59 reconciliation teams in 59 villages and the core group of law propagation and education in the population communities, 100% of villages and hamlets have elaborated village codes and conventions agreed upon and effectively implemented by the people.
To direct and administer the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in coordinating with other departments, branches and People's Committees of districts, towns and cities in guiding consultancy units to formulate the Scheme on restructuring the agriculture sector toward increasing added value and sustainable development in Binh Dinh province, ensuring the set requirements and schedule;
Training institutions, for projects to build dormitories for students on their campuses.
In a period of 150 minutes, each class assigns 2 students to participate in the contents of the competition, in which male students participate in the knitting competition and female students in the brocade weaving competition.
According to Ms. Dinh Thi Ngay, Chairwoman of the Women's Union of Vinh Kim Commune, at present, the entire Association has more than 95% of its members are Bana people.
The training course on mushroom cultivation and propagation aims to equip rural laborers with access to the technical process of mushroom cultivation, with sufficient knowledge to be applied to practical production, contributing to creating jobs, stable incomes, maintaining life, increasing labor productivity, changing occupations, and strictly complying with the Party's and the State's guidelines and policies.
Establish an assisting team of the Steering Committee. Funding for the operation of the Steering Committee shall be included in the annual budget estimate of the Department of Education and Training.
angry,
(going) where 
holidays,
Over the past time, the movement to build cultural villages and hamlets in the district has achieved encouraging results: People have the conditions to participate in building models of self-management, self- reconciliation of internal conflicts; education, crime prevention and combat; fight against social evils, clean up the residential areas, contribute to protecting the national security, social order and safety, maintain discipline, everyone lives and works in accordance with law and community conventions.
Splitting
donate to
The methods and forms of organizing the Association's activities have become more and more diversified, with contents step by step close to the youth's demands and the practical situation at the grassroots level.
Contents of the project
chiangshan gallery
On the afternoon of October 29, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a review of agricultural production in 2019 and implemented the production plan for the Winter-Spring crop in 2019-2020.
shielding
dry dry 
book (book) 
Fertilizing the period of health promotion of grafted cashew gardens usually lasts about 3 years from the time of planting depending on soil conditions and care. In addition to the amount of organic fertilizer is lined when planting new
District-level health centers shall request grassroots health stations to coordinate with primary schools in their localities in surveying the number of children eligible for injection in order to limit overlooked children.
The district has deployed electronic offices and provided online public services at level 2 of 381 administrative procedures, including 262 administrative procedures at district level and 119 administrative procedures at commune level.
On the theme of the Action Month to raise awareness about gender equality and gender-based violence prevention and control,
- The presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and cities;
Thank you.
No, no, no.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 1235/QD-TTg dated August 03,2015;
Attending were Mr. Dinh A Zon – Chairman of the District Vietnamese People's Committee. 
Radio and Television Station, Binh Dinh Newspaper: Strengthening propaganda to create social understanding about conservation
Pursuant to the Directive No. 1391/CT-BNN-PCTT dated February 25,2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on enhancement of dike management and preparation for dike protection and flood control in 2020;
To contribute to the implementation of a safe environment, say no to drowning in the district
Pursuant to the Decision No. 219/QD-BNN-QLCL dated January 23,2018 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Carrying
At the same time, the Congress also elected a delegation of 11 comrades to attend the 18th Party Congress of Vinh Thanh district, the term 2020- 2025.
Mr. Vo Hong Nam - Chairman of the Provincial Bar Association;
You don't run.
Over the years, Vinh Thanh district has always taken care of the material and spiritual life of people with meritorious services, especially the strict implementation of Decision No. 22 of the Prime Minister.
The minimum land requirement is about 50,500 m2. 
DT 637 road section through Vinh Son commune has just been repaired, upgraded, expanded and completed in time and put into use before the Lunar New Year, making people here have more fun when welcoming spring.
cucumber,
Funding source: From the economic non-business expenditure source allocated to support the protection and development of paddy land in the Decision No. 4545/QD-UBND dated 12/12/2016 of the provincial People's Committee.
understand,
Participating in the model, households have been instructed on how to treat household waste; treat livestock waste with microbiological preparations or build biogas tunnels to eliminate odors caused by livestock waste; build green-brick-beautiful village roads and provide the latest information on signs of climate change; the impact of climate change on daily life, agricultural production in the area and how to respond..
Scientific and technological development of seeds
Cause people were freaking out.
For other contents related to the payment of longevity wishes, celebrations and gifts to the elderly not specified in this Decision,
To continue raising the awareness and responsibility of Party Committees, Party Sub-Committees, cadres and Party members for Party building, thoroughly grasping Directives, Resolutions, programs, schemes and guidance of superior Party Committees on Party building, focusing on the Resolution of the 4th and 6th plenums of the 12th Party Central Committee and Directive No. 05 of the Political Bureau.
Article 7. Responsibilities of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development and People's Committees of districts
Implementing the movement "Women with a green - clean - beautiful environment, self-governing lane on environmental sanitation", the Women's Union of Vinh Kim commune has mobilized 90% of its members to clean village roads, hamlet alleys and build self-governing roads for environmental sanitation.
Everyone was silent.
Have foreign language proficiency level 1 as prescribed in Circular No. 01/2014/TT- BGDDT dated January 24,2014 of the Ministry of Education and Training.
Accordingly, the rice support levels are allocated to the following communes: Vinh Thuan commune is allocated 14, 580 kg of rice; Vinh Hoa commune 19, 095 kg; Vinh Hao commune 1, 140 kg; Vinh Son commune 21, 780 kg and Vinh Kim commune 3, 540 kg.
In consideration of the written request No. 136/TTr-UBND dated December 02,2019 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province for approval for the scheme for investment in construction, upgrading and repair of agricultural and rural development works during 2021- 2025 in Binh Dinh province;
Many cultural values, legal provisions and regulations, cultural codes of conduct increasingly penetrate into life have made an important contribution to creating a healthy living environment for the community, for each family and individual.
Scooped
in February,
Many branches and Party committees have based themselves on the practical situation of each branch and domain to determine breakthroughs to create marked changes in learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style, such as :
congratulations,
With the achieved results, in 2019 Vinh Thuan commune health station was commended by the provincial Department of Health for good work of population and family planning.
To successfully organize the Cultural and Sports Day for mountainous ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province in 2009.
He chopped the bananas, and Yol and his mother picked the vegetables.
soldier,
In recent years, thanks to the policy of supporting 100% of hybrid rice varieties for ethnic minority people of the provincial People's Committee and the fertilizer support policy of programs 135 and 30a, the mountainous areas have solved food on the spot, the lives of ethnic minority people have been improved.
June to July 2019: 
The courtyard
Hero of the armed forces, Hero of Labor, wounded soldier, persons entitled to policies like wounded soldier, wounded soldier type B: 
turtle,
forever,
nuts 
Taking care of
Ruff, Ruff, Ruff.
The martial arts studios after being invested to restore and start operating effectively, the master in charge of the martial arts studios will be supported every month by the minimum salary at each time.
On 01.01, the club relayed to the school district Vinh Thanh held the program "Warm East for children" in Vinh Kim and Vinh Son communes.
Pursuant to the Law on Construction dated June 18, 2014;
Warm
In addition, the national health target programs, such as tuberculosis prevention, HIV/AIDS prevention, leprosy prevention, goiter, dengue fever, malaria.... are staff propaganda, health education and management, monitoring, monitoring, examination, treatment, periodical drug allocation to patients.
Squirting
hide
Direct the Sub-Department of Livestock Production and Animal Health to prepare sufficient tools, supplies, chemicals, vaccines... and promptly supply them to localities to serve the vaccination in 2016.
To direct and guide grassroots mediation and reconciliation work and build communes up to standards of legal access according to its assigned tasks.
Rain shelter
Tuberous
Therefore, his family's poultry flocks always grow and develop well.
It can be seen that the implementation of learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in Vinh Hiep commune over the past time, has created a strong change in the perception and consciousness of officials, Party members and people of all strata.
- To provide short-term professional training for subjects engaged in breeding activities at home or hire foreign specialists to come to Vietnam to transfer breeding technologies.
bundles,
Regarding recruitment of civil servants and public employees, promotion of civil servant ranks and promotion of professional titles of public employees and implementation of contractual regimes for a number of jobs in state administrative agencies and public non-business units
tasted,
The fruit beam is washed before proceeding to packing. 
tired,
On December 25, the Department of Culture and Sports in cooperation with the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a cultural exchange program for ethnic minorities and family affairs in 2019 at K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune.
What ethnic groups are there in Binh Dinh?
To review land use master plans and plans to supplement land funds for projects on dormitories for students in the province.
Together with the attention of the Party and the State as well as the efforts of the people, up to now, the entire district has been invested in building 153 infrastructure works; supporting plant varieties, livestock and production supplies for poor households, paying attention to vocational training for young people, strengthening agricultural and forestry extension training; legal assistance for communes and villages, especially difficult villages.
Time: once a year, before the year-end session of the provincial People's Council. 
Mr. Nguyen Van Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Finance;
I don't know. Why are you asking?
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 52/2018/ND-CP dated April 12,2018 on development of rural professions 
Also participated in technical training before entering production
For the implementation of school distancing, the schools have organized the arrangement between classes; arrange seats for students in the class to sit at least 1 meter apart from each other; play in the class, go back to class.
There are four of them.
Harmonious combination with tourism and sports activities
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned ministries and branches in, amending, supplementing and formulating policies to ensure the achievement of the Program's objectives.
To support the contracting, tending, management and protection of forests; to support the purchase of vaccines for animal disease prevention and control; to expand poverty reduction models, including the project on expanding the model of raising chickens on biological padding; the project on expanding the model of growing safe vegetables and supporting the maintenance of works.
Subjects reduced by 50%
Promote the propagation on radio, television and Binh Dinh Newspaper to create social consensus.
Rural transportation program. 
In order to promote poverty reduction more and more effectively, Party committees, administrations, mass organizations at all levels and people in the whole district shall actively participate in the implementation, creating a change in the awareness and sense of self-improvement of each person, especially poor and near-poor households, to actively explore and learn experience in production and create jobs to escape poverty.
Regarding benefits for cadres, civil servants and public employees working in areas meeting with exceptional difficulties under Decree 116 before and Decree 76 now, a number of vertical agencies located in the area are still enjoying benefits but for the agencies of districts, they are not supported as prescribed causing disadvantages to the beneficiaries.
Statistics of average yield of planting cypress trees (2.3 kg/m2 cypress trees) with a selling price of 14,000 VND/kg, each hectare (only 6,000 m2) for income 210 million VND
The council shall hold a meeting once a year before November 15 every year at the request of the People's Committee of the district.
Policies and projects on poverty reduction are implemented synchronously and effectively, helping the poor improve their lives.
No. I'm gonna go to the gym right now.
To train fishing port officials and employees and traders and service providers in knowledge about food safety in fishing ports.
roads,
Advocacy
The results of the review at the end of 2018, 231 poor households were people with meritorious services to the
Please, please.
Mosquito Net
Time and place of receipt of application forms. 
To manage newly arrived malaria victims in malaria - stricken areas; to properly forecast and prevent malaria epidemics at the grassroots level, to intensify public information work in order to step by step raise the awareness of people about malaria prevention and control so that they can understand how to protect themselves and their families.
tiny tiny
Members: - Mr. Ho Viet My - Deputy Director of Department of Health.
Beaches
Health facilities and school points are built spacious, clean and beautiful, meeting the needs of medical examination and treatment, learning for children and local people.
At the end of the program, there was an article recording “Transformation in reproductive health care in Vinh Kim commune"
The association undertakes a number of specific tasks such as: embellishment of new countryside, renovation of mixed gardens, production organization, environmental sanitation, building of a strong political system.
(birds) singing 
daddy wife
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the directors of the provincial/municipal Finance, Agriculture and Rural Development, Planning and Investment, Natural Resources and Environment Services, the director of the provincial State Treasury, the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial towns and cities and the heads of the concerned units shall have to implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
For localities with a high percentage of ethnic minorities and far from the district center such as Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes, the district health center has implemented a series of solutions to ensure the best health care needs for the people here.
The success of the model helped many members and relatives in the village to study and follow very successfully.
The campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas" is promoted, the quality is improved,
counting
My home is in Kon Đruch village.
Hoay said: "At first, making hybrid rice was also afraid because of the difficulty of caring, but when guided by technical staff, I found that making hybrid rice is not so different from the rice of my relatives before.
After the aforementioned time, the appraisal team shall appraise the application and send the appraisal result to the Service of Agriculture and Rural Development and the Service of Finance.
In the course of implementing policies, the district People's Committee has concentrated on directing the assignment of scientific and technical advances, decentralizing the management of policies and the process of urbanization, especially policies on vocational training, pupils and officials at all levels, thus contributing to raising the quality of human resources and production development capability among ethnic minority people.
reserved,
about.
- The director of the provincial Public Administrative Service Center;
They danced and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at looked and looked and looked and looked and looked at
(water) gurgles 
You can also use Basudin 10 G to treat ants, termites, beetles: Mix a ratio of 1 drug + 10 sand sprinkled around the base and hole. 
Regular police officers who are assigned to work as police officers of communes and townships of Vinh Thanh district shall be basically trained in politics, law and CAND operations, have practical experience in their work and shall promptly advise Party committees and local administrations on effectively implementing the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws and superior police offices on assurance of grassroots security and order.
in business,
At the same time, emphasizing some key tasks that schools need to perform to ensure school safety is to continue to promote extensive propaganda about the complicated developments of the Covid-19 epidemic on the school's radio system, instruct students to keep hygiene, wash their hands regularly with soap and hand sanitizer, wear masks and do not communicate in large crowds.
Unfortunately, Yă Krua encounters an evil python, which is eaten.
Approval competence complies with Clauses 1 and 2 of this Article.
The following reportage by Xuan Dung reflects on the joy of the people when the anti-erosion embankment of the Kôn River was built.
In the current sunny conditions, the possibility of lack of irrigation water for production, so the commune People's Committee directs farmers to sow short-term varieties, with productivity, quality, good resistance to drought.
Through the meeting, in order to honor the traditional fondness for learning of the Vietnamese nation, at the same time, to praise and encourage the spirit of striving, overcoming all difficulties and challenges to achieve outstanding achievements, typical in learning and training, at the same time, it is also an opportunity for pupils and students to have the opportunity to meet, exchange and exchange experiences, creating motivation for them to continue to strive, strive, train and become young talents devoted to the cause of building the homeland and the country, creating pervasive power, inspiring for young people to learn and follow.
Of which VND 4 billion will be allocated from the provincial budget while the remainder will be mobilized from lawful sources for implementation.
How to do: Mix the mud with rice husk, rotten manure in a ratio of 1:1. Flatten the mud on the hard soil that has been sprinkled with rice husk or banana leaves, the thickness of the mud from 5-7cm.
Participating in the first festival of gong culture of ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province - 2019, there will be 9 groups of artisans and actors from mountainous and midland districts in the province.
Project management cost: VND 1,343,128,000 
Pruning fruit: It is necessary to prune the fruit early to focus on nutrients to feed the fruit.
Establishment process
For what purpose?
Provincial-level Health Departments shall formulate and implement plans to ensure healthcare for public employee recruitment.
Sprinkle the seeds mixed with ash or sand evenly into the trench after fertilizing. Row spacing 30cm from the row. Sow at a time when the soil is sufficiently moist, seeds easy to germinate, fill the seeds with a thin layer of soil 1 - 2 cm. 
The situation of security and order in the village is always maintained, 100% of households achieved the title of cultured family.
retreat,
People understand and agree with the State to join hands to implement, contributing to creating a more prosperous rural face
In a locality where production land is small, mainly forest land, such as Vinh Hao commune, cage fish farming on irrigation lakes has opened new economic development directions, contributing to raising incomes for people.
In the past tenure, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune has achieved and exceeded many targets set by the congress's resolutions.
Every year, when spring returns, the villagers begin to hold a buffalo stabbing ceremony. The first is to erect the main column. People go into the forest to cut down large, straight, high toad trees to tie the buffalo. The column is set up in the middle with four auxiliary columns around it. These four columns are skillfully carved with beautiful figures such as the sun, moon, birds, monkeys. The column is set up in the middle of the empty yard. On the day of eating buffaloes, people choose the biggest, strongest buffalo to tie to the column. 
To concentrate all resources on quickly overcoming dike incidents ( dike breakdowns, embankment roof erosion, embankment foot erosion, etc.) which have occurred in the previous flood and storm seasons and complete the handling thereof before the 2020 flood and storm seasons.
Pillows
ru (child)
You saved my life.
Technical harvesting plants
Up to now, 85% of the women's family members meet the four standards of "No warmth, equality, progress and happiness" and over 85% of households annually achieve cultural families.
Not only struggling with the difficult problem of income, poor households, environmental criteria are also "knot" difficult to solve for Vinh Kim commune authorities.
There are only four buffaloes in the whole village.
Time: August 8th, 2019. 
In recent years, the district has given priority to projects in service of production and social welfare such as irrigation, transport, clean water and socio-cultural activities.
Accordingly, until now, the commune's unions such as Women's Union, Farmers' Union have helped 198 households with loans of over VND13 billion, investing in production development.
traps (birds) 
The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development shall cooperate with the People's Committees of districts in guiding the people's dike management forces to patrol and protect dikes in the flood season as prescribed in Circular No. 01/2009/TT-BNN dated January 06,2009 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to detect and handle promptly from the beginning to ensure the safety of the dike system and promptly report on dike incidents in the area.
New Year's
Time: June 2017.
The dissemination of legal documents on forest management and protection and forest fire prevention and fighting has been paid attention to. Functional agencies have organized 12 dissemination drives, attracting 808 participants.
Pay attention to trimming 4 sides of the fruit bunch. After trimming the fruit, dip the fruit and preventive drugs to limit diseases that attack the grape cluster.
His mother said it was a doctor.
Ms. Nguyen Thi Hoang, Head of Department of Education Quality Management - Continuing Education, Department of Education and Training.
Deploy propaganda and visual advocacy on roads and places where the festival takes place.
Mr. Nguyen Van Phung is continuously elected to hold the position of Party Secretary of Vinh Thuan commune for the term 2020-2025.
Difficulties that arise during the implementation of this Circular should be reported to the Service of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs for consideration./.
The Party building and political system building are paid attention; the working styles and styles of cadres and civil servants have seen positive changes.
Purchase a pond
Translucent
easy to fold
The provincial People's Committee has just approved the cement support mechanism for repairing and expanding damaged rural roads in the province, in the 2020-2025 period. 
MTTQ, the unions continue to innovate the contents and methods of operation, build and replicate many good models in economic development, learning and following Uncle.
The traps are harder these days because the birds are gone.
Rural infrastructure is increasingly strengthened, rural people's lives are significantly improved, contributing to the stability of security and politics in rural areas.
Therefore, the Party Committees and the local administrations should step in and closely direct the people to clearly see their responsibility in protecting the environment in particular and in building a new countryside in general.
Socio-economic development averagely 14.5% / year, economic structure shifted in the positive direction; Infrastructure such as electricity, roads, schools, health stations are invested to meet the essential needs of the people, the rate of poor households reduced annual average 5.63% / year.
Group of solutions on investment and support mechanisms and policies;
the,
Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee chaired the conference.
I'm too busy to go.
For the Barnabas used to work in the fields.
It can be seen that studying and following the ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style of the Women's Union of Vinh Kim commune, has been forming a vibrant emulation movement, contributing to making doing according to Uncle really bring practical meaning and spiritual value for Bana women's officials and members to stick together, unite to help each other eradicate hunger and reduce poverty, build the organization of the Association more and more strong.
You're so good.
Subjects and quantity: 
Myself,
The leaved branches are fastened to the truss to prevent wind from tearing the leaves, dropping the eyes and avoiding the branches overlapping each other.
To submit to the president of the provincial People's Committee for decision the establishment of the provincial council for recruitment of public employees of the education and training sector;
buckling 
Opening Ceremony of the Festival
If there's a wildfire, we all put out the fire. If it's big, we can't put out the fire.
Therefore, Vinh Thanh district has developed a plan to develop the raising of high-quality beef cows in 2016 - 2021, according to which the number of herds is not increased but focused on increasing the quality and weight of the herd.
Purposes.
Coordinating agencies: Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees of provinces;
Support up to 50% of interest rate for loans for investment in houses, factories, machinery and equipment in the first 02 years but not exceeding 500 million VND / facility.
Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station, Binh Dinh Newspaper
Through the inspection of Covid-19 prevention and control at schools, leaders of Vinh Thanh district have appreciated the spirit of always strictly observing the regulations on epidemic prevention and control of schools.
Provincial Police: Develop and implement plans to protect, ensure security and safety for the exam. 
chisel (wood) 
Units managing the operation of students' dormitories may provide other services in dormitories in order to create funds to cover operation and maintenance management expenses in order to reduce house rents.
Joel's grandfather,
Along with that, the list of vocational training is supplemented in accordance with the needs of the labor market and the requirements of local socio-economic development.
The question stirred the class. One of them raised his hand.
Thanks to the active role of the borrowing groups, the capital sources are used and promoted effectively by farmers' members.
Regularly propagate, educate and remind students to strictly implement Covid-19 prevention and control measures: Do not gather in large numbers, only leave the house in case of necessity, wash hands regularly, wear masks when going to school and public places, strengthen self-protection to contribute to limiting the spread of the epidemic.
At this point, Mr. Ass saw in the bush in front of him about 10 meters moving, thinking it was a monkey, so he took a gun and shot.
In the period from germination to harvest, it is necessary to intensify investigation, early detection and destruction of diseased plants and take proactive preventive measures.
Over the past year, the Party Central Committees at all levels in districts have stepped up the implementation and actively propagated and mobilized people of all strata to study and follow the ideology, ethics and Ho Chi Minh style with many practical jobs.
glare (eyes) 
In addition, the association regularly supervises the deployment and implementation of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized cities", "Give solidarity to build a cultural life in residential areas" in villages.
From there, it contributes to improving living standards, creating jobs, raising incomes for people, ensuring social security, gradually eradicating hunger, reducing poverty and building a new countryside in the district.
tiger
The cleaning of the vegetation must be carried out at the beginning of the rainy season when most of the new plants and weeds regenerate simultaneously and have not yet flowering and seedling.
According to Vinh Thanh District Health Center, from the beginning of this year, 55 cases of dengue fever have been recorded in the district.
During 2025 - 2030: Development investment capital of VND 7, 200 billion and non - business capital of VND 1, 730 billion.
With extremely difficult communes such as Vinh Kim, to complete the remaining criteria of the national target program on building a new countryside is a process of
Regular police officers who are assigned to work as police officers of communes and townships of Vinh Thanh district shall be basically trained in politics, law and CAND operations, have practical experience in their work and shall promptly advise Party committees and local administrations on effectively implementing the Party's guidelines and the State's policies and laws and superior police offices on assurance of grassroots security and order.
do not want to eat,
In addition to building and equipping physical foundations and teaching and learning equipment, and raising the teaching quality of teachers, the district has implemented all regimes and policies for ethnic minority children such as the provision of learning aids, rice support, meal allowances and other personal needs to create conditions for them to study well.
Planted with a density of 57,000-61,000 plants/ha, the distance between rows 65cm, plants 25-30cm. 
As a result, the yield of hybrid rice has increased to nearly 70 tons per hectare over the past few years. Many regions are not eligible for hybrid rice production. We recommend that people should produce pure rice, but they do not agree, because the yield of hybrid rice is twice as high as that of pure rice.
Clearly determining the local budget to be allocated, the central budget support, reporting to the provincial People's Committee for submission to the provincial People's Council as prescribed.
There are four of them.
Collection and formation of materials to promote and introduce ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh to serve the "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" activities in Binh Dinh.
many times,
Silence is not a way to protect victims of abuse.
Concentrated breeding area: 17 communes, including: Phuoc Hung, Phuoc Quang, Phuoc Hoa, Phuoc Hiep (Tuy Phuoc district); Nhon Khanh, Nhon My, Nhon Hau, Nhon An, Nhon Loc, Nhon Phuc, Binh Dinh ward, Nhon Hung (An Nhon town); Tay An, Tay Vinh, Tay Binh, Binh Hoa, Binh Thanh (Tay Son district).
What's your name?
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003;
The administrative reform continues to be implemented effectively.
Bearing
Department of Education and Training
Directors of Relic Management Boards are allowed to sign labor contracts to perform their tasks.
nails,
wet soaked
At the same time, the commune People's Committees are requested to direct the concerned branches to overcome the shortcomings in the contracting of forest protection and tending, especially the prevention of deforestation and encroachment on protection forests.
The presidents of the People's Committees of districts, provincial towns and cities and the heads of the concerned agencies shall have to implement this Decision as from the date of its signing.
People's Committee
Recently, the Forest Protection Department of Vinh Thanh district has coordinated with the Division of Agriculture and Rural Development, the Division of Natural Resources and Environment to make statistics and review the land fund of each locality, organize surveys and advise the district People's Committee to propose competent authorities to plan and change the use purpose of forestry land to agricultural production land for resettled households lacking production land.
The young man paid, then walked to the end of the market.
In general, the investors have strictly complied with the regulations in the process of construction investment.
pile,
overflow
State budget supports: Expenses for raising original breeding stocks of livestock;
The education and training work to improve the intellectual level of ethnic minority people has always been paid attention to the construction and equipping of material facilities, teaching and learning equipment, improving the teaching quality of teachers.
stripping,
The kids are so happy.
The remaining policy families, you authorized leaders of Vinh Thanh district to visit and give gifts.
For the implementation of the Resolution of the district Party Committee and the district People's Council on the 2020 socio-economic development plan, right from the beginning of the year, the district People's Committee has focused on directing the comprehensive, synchronous and drastic implementation of the tasks and solutions of the 2020 socio-economic development plan and state budget estimates.
The Youth Union of Vinh Thuan Commune has cooperated with local departments and unions to regularly promote propaganda and education, actively study to improve cultural and professional qualifications to meet the requirements of industrialization and modernization of the country.
Joel and Gold followed the path into the forest.
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh District Union will continue to coordinate well with all levels and sectors in providing services, consulting and supporting the youth to develop production.
Eight.
caring,
want to,
To continue renewing the contents and modes of operation of the Party Central Committee and socio - political organizations, promptly grasping the people's thoughts and aspirations in order to work out timely solutions.
Under the guidance and orientation on the topics and contents of the Advisory Board and the staff in charge of the Team.
It can be said that the "garbage pit at home" model not only contributes importantly to improving the environment, fulfilling environmental criteria in building a new countryside, but also actively contributes to raising awareness for people, gradually making environmental sanitation a responsibility of the whole community, building a green - clean - beautiful rural environment.
Vinh Kim is one of the most difficult communes of Vinh Thanh district, the people's life is still facing many difficulties, over 90% of the population lives by agriculture
The following persons may not register for public employee recruitment:
compression
Thanks to the effective integration of the State's support programs and projects, along with the propagation and encouragement of people to self-reliance in life,
By 2020, Vietnam Bank for Social Policies will strive to increase its outstanding debts to 100%; prevent overdue debts from arising; mobilize savings deposits through savings groups and borrow capital to 100%; and promptly handle 100% of due debts.
Guiding the Division of Education and Training of districts, towns, cities and high schools in the province 
The following article by Xuan Dung noted the changes in the lives of people in Vinh Thanh highland district 
painting,
Initial results in the joint implementation of handling of administrative procedures on single-window electronic software, with close and synchronous participation of vertical agencies, are well recognized and assessed by the people, organizations and superior agencies.
You're better than me!
In addition, the commune has also implemented a project to plant 55.4 hectares of JICA2 plantation forests for 50 households in village O5, a chicken farming model for 21 households in 2 villages K6 and O5.
On July 31, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized a conference to review the Front's work in the first 6 months of the year and implement its tasks in the last 6 months of 2019
Attending the meeting were Mr. Bui Tan Thanh, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, and leaders of the district departments and branches.
crossbow wing
Diseases: Leaf rot, fire: Use Benlate, Benlate-C, Copper-B, Bavistin 
Issued together with the Decision No. 44/2018/QD-UBND dated August 28,2018 of the People's Committee of the province.
In 2013, to continue to invest in restoring 10 - 15 furnaces in 11 districts, towns and cities.
Especially ethnic minority households in the district, ensuring long-term sedentarization, overcoming the shortage of production land, preventing nomadic farming and invasion of forest resources.
withered 
It is worth noting that the local administrations at all levels have not yet fulfilled their responsibilities of State management over forests and forest land.
Today he went out into the garden. He looked at the fruity banana shed and asked his father,
Support contents: Construction of centralized water drainage, wastewater collection and treatment systems in craft villages.
According to Directive No. 32-CT/TW dated 09/12/2003 of the Secretariat of the Party Central Committee on strengthening the Party's leadership in PBGDPL,
Before she left, she said,
Candidates shall pay the registration fee according to the notice of the Department of Home Affairs.
Expenditures on printing of certificates of recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages (including framing and glazing) :
To enhance coordination and exchange of experience among provincial-level departments, sectors and mass organizations and provinces and centrally run cities in these domains.
With Mr. Ho Xuan Anh - Secretary of the district Party Committee; Mr. Dinh Drin - Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee; Mr. Le Van Dau - Chairman of the district People's Committee.
In some cases, trees grow strong, less fruit, can prune heavy branches to limit growth will stimulate gonads, improve the yield of trees.
For the autumn rice crop, it is also being deployed by relatives as soil to put into production.
There were 237 near-poor households, accounting for 26.02%.
The province shall support the whole cement volume to the construction site for repair and expansion of district and commune roads and repair of the remaining rural concrete roads up to grades A and B.
By 2025, Nhon Hoi economic zone will have an occupancy rate of 55% with the following specific tasks:
Developing cottage industries and rural trades in the direction of making full use of the potential and strengths of the locality; improving the effectiveness of the management of capital construction investment; strengthening the management and protection of forests, preventing and fighting forest fires; continuing to invest in infrastructure of industrial clusters; enhancing the effective management and administration of financial and state budget activities; paying attention to the management of natural resources and environmental protection; taking the initiative in natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue; improving the quality of education and training, prioritizing the development of education in ethnic minority areas; paying attention to health, population and health care for the people; promoting propaganda and organizing activities to ensure the cultural and spiritual life for the people; strengthening national defense and security, ensuring order, safety and society, improving the effectiveness and efficiency of inspection and law enforcement; at the same time promoting administrative reform, organizing the implementation of the movement of patriotic emulation
At the request of the Director of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs,
Pursuant to the August 28, 2001 Ordinance on Charges and Fees;
noiseless
in districts
The Steering Committee shall be automatically dissolved upon the completion of its tasks.
Since the beginning of this year, Vinh Thanh district has invested 168.6 billion VND to build infrastructure such as roads, health stations, schools and irrigation systems in extremely disadvantaged villages and communes.
Wings
It is necessary to further step up the contracting of management and surveillance for people to protect and take care of... Thus, the struggle against forest thieves will have good results.
fish casting 
Through inspection, the Chairman of the district People's Committee has directed the units to quickly deploy the remedial measures, concentrate manpower sawing, cutting and cleaning up large trees falling across the road.
To date, the total outstanding debt managed by the District Women's Union is over VND 106 billion with 50 savings groups borrowing capital, 2, 238 member households borrowing capital to invest in production and business.
According to the Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control and Search and Rescue of the district, the weather situation in the rainy season in 2019 is likely to be complicated, so the formulation and implementation of flood and storm prevention and control plans, search and rescue in localities and units are important issues that need to be implemented.
seeds 
teacher mo 
Through it, there have appeared many typical veterans do what Uncle,
To reach agreement on the contents of meetings of the Children's Councils with the Standing Boards of the provincial People's Councils.
Thereby, making an important contribution to the Party's building and restructuring work, focusing on leading and directing the successful performance of socio-economic development tasks in the locality.
To coordinate with the forces of communes and townships, Song Kôn LN Co., Ltd and the protection forest management board in inspecting and sweeping forests, concentrating on key areas of deforestation and timber exploitation; to regularly supervise slash and burn production activities, preventing forest encroachment and forest algae.
Website of the Department of Home Affairs with the following contents:
In 2013, to continue investing in restoring 10 - 15 furnaces in 11 districts, towns and cities.
Decision No. 3527/QD-UBND dated October 04,2016 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee on the establishment of the Steering Committee for Universalization of Education and Eradication of illiteracy 
floor (house) 
To prescribe the rates and the regime of collection, remittance, management and use of charges for recruitment and participation in rank promotion examinations for civil servants and public employees.
In the field of health, voters proposed that poor households, despite being greatly exempted from hospital fees, still have to pay a large initial amount of money to be admitted to hospital, causing difficulties for poor households.
to answer,
The province shall support the whole cement volume to the construction site for repair and expansion of district and commune roads and repair of the remaining rural concrete roads up to grades A and B.
except for,
For urgent projects for which capital should be allocated for implementation:
Attract people from all walks of life to participate
Develop savings habits, increase deposit levels at VBSP of members of SMEs
From the beginning of this year, the associations in Vinh Thuan commune also promoted the propagation, mobilization and stand for trust for members to borrow preferential loans from the Social Policy Bank of the district, to invest in livestock production and cultivation.
The evening rain on October 30 accompanied by strong winds caused many large trees on the DT637 road to Vinh Son and the bypass along Dinh Binh Lake University33 to fall, some roads along the lake were eroded, causing shortcomings at many traffic routes in the district.
b. Regulated entities :
Angle
The establishment of the Children's Council aims to create a favorable environment and improve the capacity of children in the whole province.
Implementation plan 
The remaining rural trade establishments: The subsidy for dismantlement, loading, transportation, relocation and installation is 30,000 VND/m2 depending on the subleased area.
XITH CONGRESS, Twelfth Session
To assume the prime responsibility for approving the list of, and balance funds for, the performance of state-level scientific and technological tasks in research, selection and creation of breeds.
As a result, people have changed their awareness about new production methods in agricultural economic development, especially in the selection of plant varieties and animal breeds suitable to local production conditions and the application of advanced technical measures to bring production efficiency and high economic value.
Decision on the detailed decay of lottery capital in 2019 arranged for works 
Or if the recruiting agency detects that the successful candidate uses qualifications or certificates in contravention of regulations, the recruitment result shall be cancelled.
According to the Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control and Search and Rescue of the district, the weather situation in the rainy season in 2019 is likely to be complicated, so the formulation and implementation of flood and storm prevention and control plans, search and rescue in localities and units are important issues that need to be implemented.
In order to promote the movement of learning and following Uncle's words, in the coming time, the district Women's Union continues to further strengthen the propagation and mobilization of learning and following Uncle in all officers and women's members by many practical activities.
List of localities recognized to have achieved the standards of universal preschool education for children aged 5 years in 2015
At the same time, twinning units also integrate the propagation of guidelines and lines of the Party, policies and laws of the State on ethnic affairs, socio-economic development and strengthening of national defense and security of the locality.
To organize the implementation of solutions to re-population and development of livestock in their localities.
Pursuant to the Law on Public Investment dated June 13, 2019;
Through the inspection, the borrowing households used the capital for the right purpose, bringing economic efficiency.
- To work out plans on fire and explosion prevention and fighting before, during and after the festival;
People's living standards improved significantly, there were no more hungry households, and the number of poor households decreased from 3 to 5% annually.
Based on the local budget situation, to advise the provincial People's Committee on allocating funds for the program on introduction of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts into schools according to the current budget management decentralization;
Household Planning
1st time: 25 – 30 days after planting (1/2 nitrogen fertilizer + 1/2 potassium)
Accordingly, the propagation of party congresses at all levels focused on 4 peak periods.
remember velvet
In addition to the propagation and mobilization of people in the Twinning Villages to maintain political security, social order and safety,
Throwing
snatch,
Intermediate clerical work (Code: 02.007): 
Article 10.-Policies to encourage the development of the system of plant seed production and services, associate production with consumption of agricultural products and build large fields
Additional breeding areas include Cat Trinh, Cat Hanh and Cat Tai communes (Phu Cat district); My Chau, My Loc and My Loi communes (Phu My district); Hoai Xuan, Hoai Tan and Hoai Huong communes (Hoai Nhon district); An Thanh, An Duc and An Phong communes (Hoai An district); An Hoa commune (An Lao district); Canh Vinh commune (Van Canh district); Bui Thi Xuan ward (Quy Nhon city).
LIM
regrets,
Verification report No. 45/BCTT-KTNS dated December 05,2019 of the Department of Economy and Budget of the People's Council of the province; opinions of delegates of the People's Council at the meeting.
Recently, the K6 Women's Union of Vinh Kim Commune has always actively mobilized its members to study and follow Uncle in many forms.
Forget it.
On the morning of October 1, Vinh Thanh district organized a survey to collect information on the socio-economic situation in ethnic minority areas in 2019.
By 11 o'clock, all traffic routes in the district were clear again.
Ladies and gentlemen! Close to students through the school's movement activities, Ms. Le Thi Thuy Ha, Deputy Secretary of the Youth Union of Vinh Thanh High School is not only a teacher but also a companion with students on the way to study and practice.
Funding sources for implementation: From the provincial budget.
According to people's reflection, in the past time in the district, there was a situation that some traders transported cattle and poultry of unknown origin and not under epidemic control to trade and exchange in the locality, especially in ethnic minority areas in mountainous communes.
To step up the application of scientific advances to production in order to increase the land use coefficient, increase the value of agricultural production per unit of arable land area, successfully complete the targets of the 2019 – 2020 winter-spring crop production plan.
Many models in the fields of cultivation, husbandry, general service business, farm economy development have been increasingly developed such as pumpkin cultivation in Vinh Thuan, Vinh Hao and Vinh Hoa communes, chili cultivation in Vinh Quang and Vinh Hoa communes and aquaculture in Vinh Hao commune.
They kept the chickens in a patch of garden near the pond.
Stirring
Over the past years, with the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has formulated and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas in association with hunger eradication and poverty alleviation with the motto of focusing on mobilizing resources for socio-economic development, especially investment in socio-economic infrastructure development in mountainous areas.
Farmers' Association of Vinh Thuan Commune always focuses on the propagation and mobilization of members to participate in building a new countryside, contributing to creating consensus among the people.
In order to proactively prevent and control malaria for people, from the beginning of this year, the Medical Center of Vinh Thanh district has organized a batch of mosquito nets to prevent malaria for people in the communes of Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Hiep, Vinh Thinh and Vinh Thuan.
To be answerable to the Council Chairman for the results of performance of their assigned tasks.
Pursuant to Official Dispatch No. 344/BGDDT-GDTrH dated January 24, 2019 of the Ministry of Education and Training (MOET) on guidelines for implementation of the general education program;
We hereby request the Standing Committee of the provincial People's Council to give its attention and enable the Child Council to work with the Standing Committee of the provincial People's Council once a year.
Method of operation of the Children's Council
I usually choose the young grass, the clearest puddles for the buffalo to eat.
The State budget shall prioritize the research into, selection, creation and production of strains for plants and livestock, which organizations and individuals have not yet invested in or paid little attention to.
To modernize the management of marine aquaculture.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related agencies in, advising provincial - level People's Committees on directing the implementation of policies and tasks on development of transport infrastructure for marine economic development.
Children aged from 3 to 5 years who are attending kindergartens at preschool institutions established under decisions of the Ministry of Education and Training.
The diameter of the graft is 0.5 - 0.7 cm from the graft point; 50 cm or more in length; with good green leaves, no pests and diseases.
adjacent to 
Vinh Thanh district shall effectively integrate capital sources of sustainable poverty reduction programs and projects into the program on building a new countryside in order to facilitate the development of commodity production and raise incomes for poor households.
To promote the movement of practicing and performing this type of art in schools and participating in cultural and artistic activities in the locality.
turn on (up) 
Up to now, the rate of trained and retrained laborers accounts for 41% of the total number of laborers in the whole district.
Because at present, this segment is severely degraded causing danger to the circulation 
The Advisory Board of the Children's Council shall be composed of representatives of relevant departments, agencies and organizations of the province and individuals and social organizations involved in the field of children.
touch,
Pursuant to the Law on Promulgation of legislative documents dated June 22, 2015 
White Powder: Spray one of the drugs such as: Manozed, Kumulus, Sumi Eight, Carbendo, Score
- To advise on the setting up of the Organizing Committee and sub-committees in service of the festival.
Main crops such as sugarcane, cashew, corn, pumpkin, beans and legumes of all kinds are also intensive farmers.
In the year, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh town admitted 12 people to the party, received 16 party members to the party committee, bringing the total number of party members of the town to date to 373 party members.
Legal basis 
disease,
Go to the cinema
Thanks to technical training, guidance on how to do business, most of the borrowing families are effectively doing business.
install (knife) 
bustling
On this occasion, the district People's Committee awarded certificates of merit and rewards worth 200 thousand VND in cash to 74 students with high achievements in the 2019 University entrance exam.
black, black
In case of severe disease, the diseased branch will wither and die gradually. The disease appears from the beginning of the rainy season but causes severe damage in the middle and end of the rainy season when the plant produces buds, flowers and young fruits. 
I'm going to get you Oresol.
For the tasks of inspection, examination and supervision at the stages of circulation and consumption (wholesale markets, auction markets, specialized establishments, independent means of transport) and export and import of agricultural, forestry and fishery products
During the French and American Resistance, most Bana youths participated in the revolution.
Article 10.-Conferencing regime
In the process of implementing the model, the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh district always closely follows, considers, studies and directs, adjusts appropriately, closely to the reality, promptly solves the difficulties that the Model Women's Union encounters, and ensures the effectiveness and quality of activities of the Associations and gradually improves the satisfaction of all 5 criteria.
The plan has simulated the operation and regulation in the time of rain and flood to ensure the safety of the works, the development of flood over time and space, the operation of lowering the water level of the lake to cope with flood.
The voices,
At the request of the Director of the Department of Education and Training 
- To organize preliminary reviews to draw experiences from activities for timely adjustment and promotion.
Why are you asking?
Resolution 
goods,
When will we arrive?
The cultural, information, physical training and sports and radio broadcasting activities have been increasingly developed, their quality has been raised, promptly serving the political tasks in the localities, the information and propagation of the Party's undertakings and resolutions, the State's policies and laws, and the promotion of the movement for building a new countryside.
The rate of poor households has decreased; there are basically no households living in makeshift houses; the policies on support for forest development and production and income increase have been effectively implemented.
In order to bring preferential loans from the State to the people, especially women in areas with special difficulties.
Dear,
swipe
In 2020, Vinh Thanh district will focus on comprehensive agricultural development in the direction of commodity production, quality and efficiency.
This is a necessary policy to stabilize population, family planning and protect women's rights in ethnic minority areas.
There were a lot of beautiful clothes here, and he looked at them.
To amend and supplement industrial development orientations
Smooth
To perform the assigned functions and tasks under the working regulations of provincial - level Culture, Sports and Tourism Departments.
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities and heads of relevant agencies and units shall implement this Decision from the date of signing.
Among them, 22 cases in Vinh Thanh town, 15 cases in Vinh Thinh commune, and 10 cases in Vinh Quang commune.
At the same time, the Congress also elected a delegation of 11 comrades to attend the 18th Party Congress of Vinh Thanh district, the term 2020- 2025.
The total aquaculture area is 2, 243 ha, of which 468 ha is supplied with fresh water.
The notice must clearly state the time limit for the recruited person to come to the agency competent to recruit public employees.
The monkeys thought he was starving, and they invited each other to carry him to the funeral.
Prepare gifts for delegates, delegations and athletes.
The contingent of cadres and Party members have a firm political stance and will to strive to fulfill their assigned tasks.
spread out,
Total investment
Where are you going?
Farmers' Associations of communes and districts also make it easier to set up projects to support capital for production development.
From there, contribute to solving jobs and income for laborers in rural areas.
whiskers
Article 1. To approve 2 (two) projects on building pilot models of agricultural product consumption and agricultural material supply in Binh Dinh province, specifically as follows:
To create jobs for 120, 000 laborers, including 31, 000 laborers directly engaged in tourism.
To direct the receipt of dossiers, organize the appraisal and report thereon to the provincial People's Committees for approval according to regulations.
Harmful diseases: The disease is mainly mildew (late dew) and rust. The disease is most harmful in the rainy season, wet weather, late July, August, September every year.
To coordinate in organizing a national online conference on mass mediation work in the implementation of the law on grassroots conciliation at Binh Dinh bridge site.
Total construction cost is nearly 200 million VND
In 19 criteria prescribed in the set of national criteria for NTM construction, environmental issues are included in criterion 17; in which, there are 5 contents, namely: The rate of using clean and hygienic water according to national regulations; The production and business establishments meet environmental standards; There are no activities causing environmental degradation and there are activities to develop a green, clean and beautiful environment; Cemeteries are built according to planning; Waste and wastewater are collected and treated according to regulations.
A month has thirty days.
The Gods
Crispy carp farming model has a different characteristic from normal carp farming, which is that the feed 
twigs
Rate % left for collecting unit 
The people here now know how to apply scientific and technical advances to production, improve economic efficiency from crops.
Ministry of Finance
Phase 1, from November 2019 to the completion of the 18th Party Congress of the district (scheduled for August 2020). 
Sketch the invitation form and submit it to the provincial People's Committee for approval;
Typical in this movement is veteran Tran Van Minh in Ta Diek village, Vinh Hao commune. 
Speak up,
cast iron hand
Additional Crop Species: Black Star
The contents:
Mr. Le Van Son was elected to the position of Party Secretary of Vinh Hiep commune for the term 2020-2025.
Article 1. To consolidate the Law Dissemination and Education Coordination Council of Binh Dinh province (below referred to as the Council) composed of the following persons:
In particular, focus on organizing well the Party Congress of Vinh Thuan Commune
cassava
Just drink some water.
The handling of local administrations' violations of the Forestry Law remains intransigent; many households contracted to conduct forest inspection fail to conduct forest inspection and promptly detect destroyed forests.
About support sequence 
To present originals of diplomas, certificates, academic results, priority subjects.
It is managed by the Department of Culture and Sports of Binh Dinh province.
To mobilize people to preserve and promote the nation's fine cultural values and traditions; the movement for physical training, health care and environmental protection; the movement for building a learning society; the movement for hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, gratitude and support for people in distress and difficulties; the mass movement for national security protection, crime and social evils prevention and combat, etc., bringing many practical results.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 52/2018/ND-CP dated April 12,2018;
later on,
The launching ceremony also attracted many public servants, youth unionists and people in the district to attend.
The construction area is in line with the surrounding landscape and environment; in line with the general planning of the district and commune; the new planning in the direction 
Pursuant to the Law on Education dated June 14, 2005,
Each club organizes quarterly activities with each specific content.
Standing on the anti-erosion embankment of the banks of the Kôn River is being built, everyone here feels very happy because from now on, the image of the flood often sweeps the forest trees rushing against the walls, or the landslides that carry crops into the Kôn River in each rainy season will no longer be.
evil,
And the specific collection rate (newly arising or adjusted) sent to the Department of Finance for appraisal and submission to the provincial People's Committee for consideration and approval as a basis for implementation.
led
The results achieved so far are due to the consensus of the people in the commune, the creativity in the extensive propagation of benefits for the people from the NTM program brought.
Speaking Languages
The main causes are: a part of ethnic minority people have not high awareness, slash-and-burn production is rotational and not fixed; most communes and townships have not had sustainable land use planning, agricultural and forestry promotion has been deployed in many localities but the spread is not high; the people's land use is not reasonable, some land areas planned for planting food crops are planted with industrial trees; the construction of irrigation and hydropower works makes some production land areas of people narrowed, while the population is increasing, production does not meet the demand for food; prices of some agricultural and forest products increase, stimulating local people to deforestation for farming land.
Thanks to good propaganda and advocacy work, it is recommended to attract a large number of women of childbearing age to commune health stations for free medical examination, counseling and drug supply.
Printing Paper
Gourd tree
After the demons were eliminated, the villagers could no longer see Mrs. Hui Bien.
Every year, only about 40 martial arts clubs register to participate in the provincial club competitions, of which,
Others
To coordinate with the provincial Inspectorate in proposing the president of the provincial People's Committee to set up the provincial Board for Supervision of Recruitment of Public Employees of the Education and Training Service.
To coordinate with specialized technical agencies and units in guiding fishermen in :
not (go) 
The Decision promulgates regulations on entrance fees to scenic places, historical relics and cultural works in Binh Dinh province as follows 
At the same time, reviewing and making a list of subjects who are delayed youth, subjects with criminal records, and calling, asking, deterring, educating, signing commitments not to violate the law.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
anti raft pole 
To strive for the target that by 2015, the province will have 30 traditional martial arts studios operating in all 11 districts, towns and cities.
Nymphs
The next day, the monkeys went into the field to eat cassava. They climbed the fallen tree, smelled the stench, looked down and saw a man lying underneath. The monkeys thought he was starving, they invited each other to carry him to the funeral. The monkeys made the funeral, the monkeys brought all the wealth and money out.
Pursuant to the Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents dated June 22, 2015;
Proactively formulate the plan and allocate sufficient funding for prevention and fighting against animal diseases in 2020.
Hosted the 2nd International Vo Viet elite organization: 
In addition to preparing adequate supplies and means on the spot for the performance of rescue tasks, localities and Dinh Binh Irrigation Enterprise should take the initiative in arranging human resources and establishing shock forces to respond to, handle and remedy consequences in time in case of big storms and floods in order to ensure safety for works and at the same time ensure safety, life and property of people in the affected areas.
The speech clearly stated: The 10th session of the 11th district People's Council took place in the context of the socio-economic situation in the district continued to grow and develop, most of the indicators increased compared to the same period.
Voter contact conferences
meek,
Organize activities in response to the Action Month
hunting,
To direct specialized agencies in examining and classifying production and business establishments in their localities as assigned or decentralized;
Meet other conditions required by the vacancy.
the grave 
The Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs shall take charge and cooperate with relevant departments and associations in :
And where is Yao's house?
cup (drinking water) 
Planting: The planting season is suitable for the climate in Cao Bang is planted in the Spring – Summer; Planting distance: 1.0m away from trees; 2.5m away from rows
My Life
young girls,
the owner,
Recently, after the issuance of Plan No. 81 on building district - and commune - level electronic one - stop - shop software in districts, leaders of district People's Committees monitored and directed the acceleration of implementation of this software.
(Including student housing projects for campus clusters of training institutions). 
diapers,
To concentrate on drastically applying measures to re - herd, stabilize animal husbandry development and prevent and combat animal epidemics in the province, the provincial People's Committee presidents shall request the heads of the provincial / municipal services, branches, mass organizations and presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial capitals and cities to seriously organize the performance of the following urgent tasks:
how many,
The rate of giving birth to a third or more children in the year increased compared to the previous year. 
For example, in the sour and muddy land of Vinh Son highland commune, Vinh Thanh district, finding a rice variety that can adapt to the climate, soil conditions and cultivation practices of Bana people has always been a problem for the locality in order to help people with intensive farming conditions and stabilize local food sources.
Implementing advisory agency: Department of Justice. 
This year, the school has 462 students at 2 levels of secondary and high school
development,
(bird) swallow 
stem borers, fruit borers, leaf maggots (worms draw talismans), flower pests spray: Sumicidin 20 EC, Padan 95 SP 
At the same time, deductions will be made from the district Children's Protection Fund to give 40 gifts to poor, disabled and disadvantaged children in Vinh Son and Vinh Kim communes, each gift valued at VND 200,000.
Procedures for converting semi-public or people-founded preschools and compulsory education institutions into private ones;
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 69/2009/ND-CP dated August 13,2009 on additional regulations on land use planning, land prices, land expropriation, compensation, assistance and relocation;
wool in,
strangers,
Trawling
- Planning on cultivation of major products of mountainous districts in the fields of cultivation and husbandry;
The house is made of grass.
Wings
It is expected that the number of students wishing to stay in dormitories will be 39, 900 by 2015.
By appropriate forms such as organization of meetings, art performances, lighting of some places with orange lights, parades on main roads, public places.
Funding support levels from provincial budgets to district, town and city budgets to ensure the Program implementation
Article 9. Support for investment in technical infrastructure for environmental protection in trade villages
This is one of the basic factors that help Vinh Kim improve the quality of population as today.
Urgent requests
To build and develop a model of linkage between farmers (through representative organizations being cooperatives, cooperative groups, etc.) and enterprises in producing and consuming beef and breed cows.
dark black
Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School has 100% students who are children of ethnic minorities.
Vinh Thanh district has 9 farmers' associations, 59 branches with 7,437 members.
The organization of the "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day" in Binh Dinh must be practical, economical and free from ostentation and wastefulness.
The new Directive replaces Directive No. 32-CT/TW (after its promulgation), the Law on PBGDPL, the Law on Access to Information, the Law on Grassroots Conciliation and guiding documents;
To build a database on management of food quality and safety of agricultural, forestry and fishery products.
To formulate and submit to competent agencies for approval, and organize the implementation of, projects on preservation and repair,
Rents for students' dormitories under non-state investment projects shall be approved by provincial-level People's Committees.
later on,
There are four of them. What are you knitting for?
animals,
too much,
The focal point for maintaining regular activities of the Advisory Board is the Provincial Party Committee Secretary.
Over the years, thanks to the close leadership and direction of the Party Committee, the management and administration of the government and the propagation and education of the associations including the village's Campaign Board as the core.
But the core problem is to think and behave properly about nature and the environment.
Pursuant to the Law on Grassroots Conciliation dated June 20, 2013;
Do you often go bird - trapping?
Mature belongs to the family Curculionidae, order Coleoptera, has a black-brown color, 10-13mm long. The head extends into a hard proboscis to punch holes and lay eggs into the young tissue of the shoots. The eggs are cream-colored, oval. Young worms are slightly yellow, the head is brown. 
truss (house) 
Department of Finance
To guide the implementation of a number of policies to encourage and support fishing and aquaculture and fishing services in remote sea areas under the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg in Binh Dinh province
In 2017, he was the first to boldly experiment with new freshwater fish varieties of high economic value, favored by the market such as: lentils, beaded cascade fish.
Through the Campaign "Learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh" associated with building a cultured family,
To organize the receipt of public employee recruitment registration cards;
The Opening Ceremony took place at 19:30 on August 8, 2019 and the Closing Ceremony at 20:00 on August 11, 2019 at Nguyen Tat Thanh Square, Quy Nhon City.
lay the banana strips in a bucket. 
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities
Sleeping Room
It is known that at the end of 2018, the number of poor households in Vinh Thanh district was 4,357 households, accounting for 44.33%.
Protective
I want to buy a notebook and a pen.
New Countryside
suction (drug) 
However, in some classes, due to the large number of students, the arrangement for students to sit at least 1 meter apart from each other is not guaranteed; there are still cases where students do not wear masks when going to school at the school.
At the events, the veterans conveyed to the people about the history of formation, fighting and victory of the heroic Vietnam People's Army, the national defense and security news program and the knowledge about the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and laws on socio-economic development, security and defense.
Rainbow bow
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 66/2000/QD-TTg dated June 13,2000;
With the aim and requirement of "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" has been recognized in Decision No. 1668/QD-TTg of the Prime Minister.
The People's Committee of Binh Dinh province has issued a plan to implement the project "Conservation and promotion of traditional costumes of Vietnamese ethnic minorities in the current period" in Binh Dinh province.
Techniques for caring for young trees
Units managing the operation of students' dormitories may provide other services in dormitories in order to create funds to cover operation and maintenance management expenses in order to reduce house rents.
This is due to numerous support and investment policies through state programs and projects.
Provincial Departments of Health shall formulate plans and implement food safety and hygiene, epidemic prevention and control before, during and after festivals in their provinces;
According to the results of the monitoring indicators of rural clean water and environmental sanitation up to 2018, there are 132 concentrated water supply works,
Regarding agriculture and forestry: the total area of wet rice sown was 250.2 ha, an increase of 6 ha compared to the same period, reaching 91.55% of the plan, stable development of cattle and poultry herds; criteria such as land management, natural resources and environment are concerned and implemented; Judicial work, civil status, revenues and expenditures of the town budget are concerned: total budget revenues of 6 billion VND 623 million, reaching 124.19% of the plan; cultural and social fields are concerned.
Accordingly, the activities propagated by the Association at all levels to its members are focused on exemplary observance and propagation and mobilization of people to well implement the guidelines and lines of the Party, policies and laws of the State; solidarity to help each other develop the economy, eradicate hunger and reduce poverty; effective participation in solving complex and sensitive issues at the grassroots level; proactive coordination with the Youth Union to educate and foster revolutionary ideals, raise awareness of the young generation, not to let bad people drag and take advantage of.
In case of detection of diseased, suspected or dead livestock or poultry, samples shall be taken for testing and handled as prescribed.
August 9, 2019: Organizing an exchange program combining sightseeing between domestic and foreign martial arts delegations and representatives of typical martial arts studios in the province
Toxic drugs
To partially cut down flood crests for downstream areas, work out handling plans in special cases and coordinate with military forces in readily responding to unforeseen circumstances.
At the ceremony to announce the Decision, the leaders of the provincial and district police departments proposed the regular police officers when returning to the grassroots to fulfill their assigned tasks and create trust of the Party, authorities and people in the locality.
For forest hills converted to grapefruit planting Dien must be cleared, even have to remove the entire roots of forest trees and bulldozing to create a relative plane to make the garden design is easy.
Recognizing the changes and improving the quality of the movement in Vinh Thanh district in the past, Deputy Minister and Vice Chairman of the Committee for Ethnic Minorities Hoang Thi Hanh emphasized: The Party and the State pay special attention to the activities of the movement.
Having contributed to improving the quality of human resources and the ability to develop production in ethnic minority people
Raising the effectiveness of deposit mobilization of organizations and individuals at commune transaction points
Speaking
NTM Series
Eight o 'clock came on. Everyone was silent.
It was very large, had long horns, strong legs, and long silky fur.
according to.
If the successful candidate fails to complete the application as prescribed or commits fraudulent acts in filling in the application form,
To manage and settle the allocated funds strictly according to the purposes and current regulations of the State.
It is known that through the assessment and classification at the end of 2019, 47 grassroots Party organizations have well accomplished their tasks, accounting for 92.15%, of which 9 grassroots Party organizations have excellently accomplished their tasks, accounting for 19.15%.
Proactively contact local authorities, promptly grasp information about the epidemic situation and report to the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development for direction.
On average, Vinh Thanh district has reduced the number of poor households by 6% annually.
Decision on allocation of funds for the second phase of 2017 to implement the policy on protection and development of rice-growing land under the Government's Decree No. 35/2015/ND-CP dated April 13,2015
Up to now, Vinh Thanh District Women's Union has set up 18 model Women's Unions in 9 communes and townships, collected more than 1000 members, women participating in regular activities every 3 months reached over 80% or more, of which the core membership reached 42.8%; Members' families meeting the criteria of "5 no 3 clean" reached 85% or more; members must pay full membership fees and have membership cards reached 100%.
Vinh Thanh district People's Council opened the 10th meeting of the 11th district People's Council for the term 2016-2021 
Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts and cities
Through the review of cultured families in 2019, 246/250 households achieved the title of cultured family, achieving the rate of 98.4%.
In recent years, in order to create a driving force for sustainable poverty reduction, especially in ethnic minority areas, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously implemented many solutions in poverty reduction, such as housing and residential land support, production development, preferential credit loans, vocational training for rural laborers, health insurance cards, etc., to help poor households stabilize their lives.
Despite working hard all year round, there was only enough to eat.
Recently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Kim Commune held the launch of the model "Kong Trú Village Farmers' Association to maintain security and order" with 18 farmers' members participating.
buy for 
sip (water) 
hit 
too,
To build martial arts studios in association with the building of grassroots cultural and sport institutions in order to increase material foundations for martial arts activities.
At the same time, to conduct quality extracurricular and extra-curricular PBGDPL activities;
There are cases of violation of storing and circulating cultural products banned from dissemination to be handled.
To coordinate with concerned agencies and units in preparing contents in service of the operation programs of the Councils.
In 2020, the People's Counseling Committee of Vinh Thanh district shall continue to promote the role and efforts of the entire system, coordinate with relevant sectors to implement well the work of people's mobilization in the locality, especially strengthening the propagation of the guidelines and policies of the Party and the State to the people in remote areas and ethnic minority areas.
In the process of building a new countryside, from 2011 to now, in addition to prioritizing capital sources for infrastructure construction, Vinh Thanh district has also implemented many socio-economic development solutions to well implement criteria 10 and 11 on per capita income and reduce the rate of poor households in the district.
Head: Mr. Nguyen Tuan Thanh, Vice Chairman of Binh Dinh People's Committee.
To mobilize people to actively participate in science and technology progress transfer classes; to boldly borrow capital for investment in family economic development.
work,
Strictly control the means of transportation of animals, animal products and carry out the spraying of disinfectants.
This Resolution is ratified by the 12th Provincial People's Council at its 7th meeting on July 19,2018.
The Relic Management Board shall directly contact and coordinate to settle the work according to its assigned functions and tasks.
Suspended
With the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has formulated and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas in association with hunger eradication and poverty alleviation with the motto "Focusing on mobilizing resources for socio-economic development, especially investment in socio-economic infrastructure development in mountainous areas".
In the middle of the village there is a stream that flows into a large lake.
mounted
On this occasion, the district Red Cross also gave each person 1 barrel of shrimp noodles and 1 can of milk with a total value of nearly VND8 million.
The prices of the above-mentioned shallow plant varieties shall be calculated according to the time prices.
Implementation duration: According to the general guidance of the Central Government; the implementation plans of provinces and localities.
warm and full
In 1975, after the reunification of the country, the People's Committee of Vinh Kim Commune asked for the handover of weapons for management according to regulations, but Đít did not comply, hiding his gun to hunt forest animals.
In order to effectively implement poverty reduction, Vinh Thanh district shall regularly consolidate the Poverty Reduction Steering Committee, work out plans and assign specific responsibilities to its members so that poverty reduction will be carried out regularly and continuously.
According to Decision No. 48/2010 / QD-TTg of the Prime Minister in Binh Dinh province as follows:
squeeze tight,
At the same time, to submit to the professional guidance, direction and inspection by the above-mentioned units.
how to do,
Someone's blowing the horn.
The Fatherland Front and mass organizations are regularly strengthened, security and order are maintained.
In a little while,
In 2019, from the capital sources of the national target programs in Vinh Kim commune, trees and breeds were purchased, training in farming techniques, guiding farmers in the commune to implement many new production models with high economic efficiency, in order to increase household economic incomes, contributing to sustainable poverty reduction.
Now there are fewer and fewer birds.
Spread
- Population, living standards and intellectual standards of people in the area covered by the Scheme;
Yôl was born in Kon Đruch village.
tongue
Implementation of vaccination plans for livestock
Look, look, look.
Tighten binding
The provincial People's Committee has been interested in planning and allocating land funds for schools to invest in the construction of dormitories for students. 
There are four sessions: morning, noon, afternoon and evening.
At the request of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
projection
In 2020: The proportion of cross-bred and purebred cows will be 93.8% of the total herd; the proportion of cross-bred cows/the total herd raised in households will account for 90% and the proportion of high-quality beef cows will account for 16.3% of the total herd.
The total fund of the entire association reaches over VND 138 million, allowing members in difficult circumstances to borrow capital for investment in production development.
Implementation of Action Program No. 16-CTr/TU dated July 18, 2013 of the Party Committee of Binh Dinh Province
There are 20 martial arts studios participating in traditional martial arts performances that are not commensurate with the current number of martial artists and coaches.
The area of forested land in Vinh Thanh is quite large, bordering with many other districts in the province; roads are impeded, while the forest protection force is thin, vehicles are inadequate, so the management-BVR work faces many difficulties.
Many households not only escaped poverty but also rose to enrichment, such as the case of Mr. Dinh Khuan and Ms. Dinh Thi A Ngat (village 2), Dinh Khuy (village 6), Dinh Nhin (village 3), Dinh Nhun (village 8).
Uncle, what is this village?
Some common diseases
Principles of determining tuition fees
Article 2. Chief of Office of People's Committee of province, Director of Department of Home Affairs, Director of Department of Education and Training
On 7.5, Agricultural Service Center of Vinh Thanh district organized a training course on breeding herbal chickens for 30 farmers in Vinh Thanh town.
customs and practices 
From the beginning of this year, 100% of communes and towns simultaneously launched the movement “All people protect the public safety" with more than 2,000 participants; district police have compiled and distributed documents to propagate and educate law, coordinate with local police to advise Party Committees and commune People's Committees to direct mass organizations to organize propaganda in 59/59 villages.
Head: Mr. Tran Van Quy - Director of the Department of Education and Training.
On the morning of July 23, the Vinh Thanh District delegation in cooperation with the District Youth Union visited and presented gifts to policy families in Vinh Son commune on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the July 27 War Invalids and Martyrs Day.
In the morning of September 18, 2020, the supervision delegation of the district People's Council's Ethnic Committee led by Mr. Dinh A Zon - Head of the district People's Council's Ethnic Committee had a supervision session of Vinh Kim Commune People's Committee on the results of construction and implementation of forest protection contracting.
Conclusion of the conference, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of the district Party Committee emphasized that in 2020, units should focus highly on performing their tasks, especially ensuring absolute safety in the organization of the Party Congress at all levels, tenure 2020- 2025.
Do you have Oresol?
The lending interest rates shall be prescribed by the Prime Minister in each period.
Article 2. Provincial traffic safety boards shall manage and use allocated funds in accordance with current regulations.
Believing in the Party's guidelines and the State's policies, many households rise to enrich, contributing to the development of the country's homeland.
20% support for Quy Nhon city.
Annual budgets of localities, ministries and branches shall allocate capital construction investment capital for education and training to cover project management, consultancy and other expenses.
spiders,
wild goats
In addition, the work of law dissemination and education to the people is a task that the CCP maintains regularly and continuously through legal knowledge training or integrated in village meetings.
echoes 
Currently, many movements, schemes, programs and campaigns deployed at the grassroots are being effectively integrated; annually, the Front at all levels has coordinated to mobilize over 97% of families to register cultured families, through the year-end review and classification, 96% of households are recognized cultured families; 100% of residential areas register to build cultural residential areas, 86.44% of residential areas are recognized villages, hamlets, cultural streets; 81.63% of villages achieved the title of health village; 59.4% of units and schools achieved the title of cultural units and schools.
The thing to keep the corn in the barn, the thing to take to the fields,
Carrying
In implementation of Program 135 in 2019, so far Vinh Thanh district has allocated support capital for infrastructure investment and production development of VND 13 billion.
Article 2. Subjects of application
This Resolution prescribes funding support levels for milk purchase for implementation of the School Milk Program
Having obtained these results, in the past year, Vinh Thanh district has adopted appropriate solutions and ways to restructure crops and livestock, put trees and breeds of high economic value into cultivation, helping people improve their incomes.
Another one likes to be a pilot.
At the conference, delegates agreed on the targets in the Resolution on leadership for the implementation of the 2020 tasks, including: completion of 100% of recruitment targets; 88.89% of Party Executive Committees with Party Executive Committees; 100% of cadres trained according to decentralization; 100% of Party Executive Committees and organizations successfully fulfilled their tasks, of which 20% excellently fulfilled their tasks.
Strictly handle cases of hiding and not reporting the epidemic, leading to the widespread spread of the epidemic, which is pressing for people and communities.
Vinh Thanh is a mountainous district with many ethnic groups living together
Loaded
slump (soil) 
Technical process of tapioca cultivation
TWENTY
parrot,
She smiled at me, too.
My husband...
At the same time with the policy on seed price support, Binh Dinh agriculture has also built many models of intensive wet rice cultivation in highland areas to produce hybrid rice varieties, bringing the average yield in mountainous areas to 60 to 70 tons/ha.
fontanelle
The forest ahead was no longer yellow.
japanese,
From that the consensus to participate in the implementation of people 
Expenditures for wishing longevity, celebrating longevity and giving gifts
With the desire that young people of all ages must together preserve and preserve the traditional culture of their nation.
45 years after the liberation of Binh Dinh province, the people's life has changed greatly, including a drastic change in the life of people in rural and mountainous areas.
discuss,
However, by the right decisions of the district leaders and the determination of the people, in recent years, the economic and social life of this highland district has changed significantly.
advices 
On the other hand, the production and business establishments are largely small, have little capital, obsolete technologies, the environmental treatment is spontaneous, there is no report on environmental impact assessment; the craft villages have not been planned, causing environmental pollution; the consciousness of business owners is not high, and the idea of running after profits... are the risks that affect the environment.
From the beginning of this year, the People's Committee of Vinh Son Commune has developed 02 forest inspection and sweep plans and participated in monitoring at the posts of the forest owners; Coordinated with the Forest Protection Department of the district and the forest owners to organize 22 inspections and sweeps to protect forests.
Pursuant to the Law on State Budget dated June 25, 2015;
Pursuant to Circular No. 23/2016 / TT-BNNPTNT dated June 30, 2017 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development guiding a number of contents of silvicultural work management;
Members: 12 children. 
To concentrate on propagating the results and contents of resolutions of the XVIIIth Party Congress of the district, reflecting the feelings of cadres, Party members and people in the district and Vinh Thanh people outside the district about the results of the Party Congresses of all levels in the district.
Build a value chain of beef cows
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously and promptly implemented the Government's programs and policies on ethnic minorities.
Strengthening the effectiveness of food quality and safety management of agricultural, forestry and fishery products (especially the signing of commitments to ensure food safety under Circular No. 17/2018/TT-BNNPTNT);
By the end of July 2019, Vinh Thanh District VBSP helped 1,819 ethnic minority households borrow loans with a total amount of 70 billion 136 million VND.
To formulate regulations on management and operation of cow markets.
In addition, regularly inspect the implementation of policies for students of semi-boarding schools for ethnic minorities and schools in ethnic minority areas to promote cultural values imbued with local ethnic identity, contributing to mobilizing students to go to school, class and improve the quality of comprehensive education.
Public preschools operating under the financial autonomy mechanism (38 schools)
To build 7 safe vegetable and fruit production zones in order to announce by the end of 2018 safe vegetable production zones with two indicators of pesticide residues and nitrate content on vegetables and fruits: watermelon, cucumber and kieu, bitter melon, water spinach and chilli.
Organized by the Central Government, the program of the Cultural and Sports Day of mountainous ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province in 2009
For many years, grassroots conciliation has received the attention of all levels, branches, the Front and mass organizations.
However, due to funding limitations, most schools mainly focus on investment in items directly serving teaching and learning but have not invested in housing for these subjects.
Strictly control people coming and going out of Vinh Thanh district, especially those returning from or passing through the epidemic zone
Pigeons and doves
The 11th meeting on promulgation, amendment and supplementation of regulations on a number of charges and fees in Binh Dinh province
Inspection and post-inspection; inspection of fulfillment of food safety commitments by agro-forestry-fishery business establishments;
The number of round 2 points plus the higher priority points (if any) shall be taken in descending order within the recruitment quota of each working position.
Infectious
Lower Down 
To continue effectively carrying out the peak period of attacking, suppressing and pursuing criminals, promptly settling complicated matters related to security and order right at the grassroots level; to effectively detect, combat and prevent crimes, food hygiene and safety violations, theft, robbery, ensuring traffic order and safety, fire and explosion prevention and fighting, ensuring security of public entertainment and recreation places, and festivals for people to celebrate the Spring Festival 2020 in a peaceful and safe manner.
Thus, the program has been implemented quite synchronously, rhythmically and closely, thus changing and transforming the awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of the poor, effectively receiving and using the policies and support resources of the State and the community to escape poverty and rise to prosperity.
Joel's father said, " We planted the first fruit trees in this garden more than twenty years ago. "
Among them, there are 1,357 poor households, accounting for 87% of poor households in ethnic minorities; 143 near-poor households, accounting for 76% of near-poor households in ethnic minorities.
Pursuant to Article 5 of the Government's Decree No. 52/2018/ND-CP dated April 12,2018 and Article 7 of this Decision;
Have at least a college degree in pedagogy or a college degree in a major relevant to the subject being taught.
Fertilizing finished watering regularly, moderately dissolved fertilizer to slowly absorb plants. Pay attention to not watering too much for plants because if excess water plants will produce young shoots affecting the treatment of flowering. 
In order to achieve results in the process of building NTM, the Steering Committee of Vinh Kim Commune has been well aware that to quickly complete the criteria, it is necessary to improve the people's living standards, improve the level of application of science and technology to production, first of all to focus on meeting all conditions for people to produce the best results, thereby raising incomes and stabilizing life.
grown 
To further develop livestock husbandry in association with the creation of animal feed zones
Zebu cattle breeding and Drought master cattle:
To associate and sign contracts with agencies, organizations and individuals to organize preservation, repair and restoration activities.
sucking,
Mr. Phan Van Kung - Vice Chairman of the Provincial Veterans Association;
Aphids suck sap from trees, making them underdeveloped, leaves on top twisted, few flowers, small fruits affecting yields.
Every house has a fire.
Through the evaluation of the efficiency of the use of loans, it is shown that the members use the capital for the right purpose effectively, the capital is always closely inspected and supervised by the associations at all levels, so that the credit quality is improved, the overdue debt rate is reduced over the years.
Schools
There are 3 levels of steel wire tied to the column and cross bars, each cross bar is tensioned by 3 wires evenly spaced.
Units managing the operation of students' dormitories shall lease dormitories to proper lessees.
Expected to be held at Nguyen Tat Thanh Square and Chien Thang Square (if repairs and upgrading are completed along Xuan Dieu Street).
On this occasion, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee also spent time to implement the Directive No. 35 dated May 30, 2019 of the Politburo and the Plan to implement the Directive No. 35 of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee on the Party congresses at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party.
There's concrete roads, there's cultural houses, there's places for kids to play.
Types of rice varieties eligible for price subsidy: Hybrid rice varieties included in the provincial seed structure.
resting 
- Planning scale and area for plant development.
Over the years, together with Party committees and mass organizations, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Hao commune has made significant contributions to the local hunger eradication and poverty alleviation work.
Although the size of the farm is not large, but each year gives income from 100 to 200 million VND.
slapping (water) 
Planning livestock breeding areas, associated with the creation of feed zones for cattle.
Printing Paper
Strictly control the illegal transportation of forest products on roads, especially key routes
gagging,
At the same time, to build the public security apparatus close to the people and devotedly serve the people; to organize, mobilize and bring into the best play the people's strength to participate in the protection of security and order.
letters,
think,
- To manage the organizational apparatus, payroll, wage regimes; regimes and policies on preferential treatment;
Currently, the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh district has established 17 models of self-governing road sections in 7/9 communes and townships with over 700 members participating and 4 models collected from waste materials.
Vinh Thanh District Medical Center has received 2,900 malaria rapid diagnosis test kits from the Regional Initiative Project to Prevent and Eliminate Drug-Resistant Malaria Supporting Amino Acid
At the launching ceremony, members are advised to be wary of tricks of "black credit" activists; to propagate and mobilize not to lend heavily; not to borrow money from organizations and individuals not yet managed by the State; not to carry out acts of advertising, introducing, distributing and pasting leaflets on high-interest lending activities.
To review and make additional contributions to Binh Dinh province's scheme on agricultural restructuring toward added value improvement and sustainable development suitable to local economic, social, defense and security conditions.
Supervision of borax in fish paste products, industrial colorants in fish sauce in Quy Nhon city, impurities (Agar) in raw shrimps in Hoai Nhon district and Quy Nhon city;
To step up intensive farming, shift crops and introduce plant varieties and animal breeds of high economic value into production in order to raise income value.
digging with a hoe 
For teachers of foreign languages, the second foreign language level must reach level 1 as prescribed in Circular No. 01/2014/TT-BGDDT dated January 24,2014 of the Ministry of Education and Training.
A pen a thousand.
The road surface was expanded from 3.5m to 5.5m and replaced with new concrete layers to make the road spacious and spacious.
At the same time, it promises to further promote its role and responsibility in mobilizing and propagating people to build great national unity, build a cultural life associated with socio-economic development and maintain security and order in the locality.
dam cover 
This solution is effective and practical, especially for poor households in rural areas.
idle
Warm sunlight begins to shine throughout the village, mountains and forests, dispelling long dark, cold days. 
To formulate short-term and long-term working plans and programs on activities suitable to their functions and tasks.
At present, the total area of aquaculture in the district is about 82.6 hectares, of which Dinh Binh lake's cage fish farming area is 17,500m3, an increase of 2,500m3 over the same period, the number of breeds is 1.4 million, the density of 80 / m3, mainly raised fish are pink bass, beaded waterfall, te lai
Growing turquoise trees gives growers quite high yields. 
The statutory pay rate shall comply with the Government's regulations on statutory pay rate.
In response to the movement to build a new countryside, the Women's Union of Vinh Hao commune launched and implemented many emulation movements, combining activities with the implementation of the criteria for building a new countryside set by the commune.
Proactively grasp, analyze, create a drastic posture to attack and suppress murderers, right;
From that the consensus to participate in the implementation of people 
Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee
At present, Vinh Thuan commune encourages people to diversify crops and livestock; in which, the model of fattening cows and growing orange trees is being effectively applied by people.
Brush
The monitoring of fishing vessels at sea shall be carried out by using satellite monitoring equipment (100% of fishing vessels must be equipped with monitoring equipment).
You tell me first.
The ancestors of ethnic groups
Vinh Thanh District was recognized by the Steering Committee of the Provincial Population and Housing Census in 2019 as the second locality in the province to complete the census early.
To consolidate the Steering Committee for Education and Training Renewal and the Steering Committee for Education Universalization and illiteracy eradication,
steep slope
He rushed in and struck the python with his knife.
You get up this early in the morning every day?
- Administrative reform; judicial reform; corruption and waste prevention and combat;
According to the vegetable farmers here, a household producing 500 m2 of clean vegetables earns an average of 3.5 to 4 million VND / month.
When he went to sleep, he remembered to take a head ivory, a foot ivory.
The flesh is soft, watery with a characteristic aroma, the sugar level reaches 17.6 Brix. 
mature,
squirrel
white moon
To participate in appraising projects on renovation and construction of works outside relic protection zones, which may affect the landscape and environment of relics assigned to them for management.
The Relic Management Board shall be responsible for managing and efficiently using financial sources.
To step up learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style in order to strengthen the national great unity bloc, build a clean and strong Party and political system to meet the requirements of the new revolutionary period.
tail (knife) 
big, big
These are two families whose homes collapsed due to tornadoes in May 2019.
Sticks
To bring into play the achieved results, in the coming time, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee's People's Mobilization Board shall concentrate on propagating and mobilizing for raising the entire society's awareness of bringing into full play the people's great role in the cause of national construction and defense; to step up the local administration's people's mobilization work, properly implement the grassroots democracy regulation; to continue implementing policies suitable to people of all strata, religions and ethnicities; to continue stepping up the "people's mobilization skillfully" emulation movement in association with patriotic emulation movements at the grassroots level, contributing to socio-economic development, firmly maintaining national defense and security and protecting social welfare in the district.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial - level Agriculture and Rural Development Departments and related departments and sectors in, implementing policies to support the provision of market information, trade promotion and development of distribution systems in the sale of agricultural products.
Papa Yao is very sick.
Regularly reviewing the situation of violations and the results of handling violations of the law on dikes, promptly proposing localities to enhance the management, prevention and handling of violations of the law on dikes.
According to the statistics of Vinh Hao commune, the rate of poor households is reduced to 41.7%, an average annual decrease of 6.83%.
(According to the Plan of the Central Propaganda Department) 
Stupid
- They are serving criminal judgments or decisions of courts;
Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung visited and wished Tet in Vinh Hoa Commune
old days,
Recently, the Department of Education and Training in collaboration with the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism and other relevant agencies have implemented the program,
In particular, to focus on mobilizing villagers to actively participate in economic development in the field of agricultural production.
Members of the Council:
The Hands
Okay, now,
Learning and following Uncle, has become regular continuous and serious work.
The whole district has well implemented the mobilization of ethnic minority children to school, mobilizing the number of children dropping out of school, returning to school.
Dad's not coming back.
On the occasion of the Mid-Autumn Festival in 2019, Vinh Thanh district organized many Mid-Autumn Festival activities for children in the district.
To actively participate in and well fulfill a number of criteria under the national target program on building a new countryside; to well implement other programs and projects invested by the State in the locality of project implementers such as Program 134, Program 135 and other welfare programs.
Leaders of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee visited and presented gifts to typical policy families in the district
Pursuant to the Law on organization of local governments in 2015;
The propagation is integrated in law propagation sessions, village meetings, chapters.
On this occasion, the provincial and district People's Committees also awarded certificates of merit to collectives and individuals that have made outstanding achievements in policy credit activities in 2019.
Purchase
To promulgate together with this Decision the unit price of compensation for damage caused to trees and crops upon land recovery by the State in Binh Dinh province.
Wet Wife
On the morning of September 11, at the meeting hall of the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh town, the Provincial Farmers' Association in cooperation with the Farmers' Association of Vinh Thanh district organized a training course on ensuring traffic safety, drug prevention and black credit in 2019.
Besides, some subjects take advantage of mountainous policies, resettlement to destroy forests for cultivation land, or to be compensated when there are hydropower construction projects.
insertion 
pit,
for out,
To focus on propagating the birth and growth of the Communist Party of Vietnam, the Party Committee of Binh Dinh province and Party Committees at all levels through congresses.
Therefore, in recent years, Vinh Thanh district has focused on doing well the site clearance to facilitate the construction units on schedule, ensuring completion and putting into use in July 2020.
squirrel
Associations and mass organizations in the provinces shall take initiative in formulating programs and plans suitable to their respective operation programs.
Making estimates, methods of allocation, payment and settlement of funds for implementation of support policies for fishermen under the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg of July 13,2010.
Suddenly,
covering (blanket) 
strayed,
Decision No. 2519/QD-BNN-KHCN dated June 29,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
and,
planting (plants) 
Vaccinate cows with LMLM vaccine and pasteurellosis twice a year. Remove liver flukes every 6 months.
Other people's buffalo,
Despite efforts in production development, poverty reduction and social security, Vinh Kim commune has not yet achieved income and poor household criteria; the average per capita income of people is still less than 12 million VND.
To develop, modify and build offshore fishing ships to replace high-age (over 10 years) offshore fishing ships and increase the number of offshore fishing ships to 3, 650 by 2030.
fish,
Insertion
Multiple...
Attending and chairing the meeting were Mr. Le Van Dau – Chairman of District People's Committee; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao – Vice Chairman of District People's Committee.
Planning and Investment, Construction, Home Affairs, Education and Training, Director of the provincial State Treasury, Presidents of the People's Committees of districts, towns and cities 
The application of science and technology in agricultural production in highlands such as Vinh Son is gradually improving people's lives, contributing to a sense of pride for the ethnic minority community in the province.
Time and place of examination; form of examination, time of rounds of examination, parts of examination, subjects to examinees 
At the same time, many advanced models have been built in the community and have a strong spread.
lean down,
Grade IV librarian (Code: V.10.02.07): 
Proactively respond to climate change and natural disasters with increasingly unfavorable trends; implement measures to prevent and combat storms and floods, closely monitor weather developments in order to work out solutions to respond to and promptly remedy consequences of storms and floods; organize production for the Winter-Spring 2019-2020 crop to reach and exceed the targets set out in the plan;
The house...
I'm now,
vault (bone) 
Forced
2. Specific objectives :
Use some growth regulators, spray or water the plant in the period before or after blooming, fruiting.
To bring into play the achievements, in the coming time, Vinh Thanh district will continue mobilizing resources for investment in infrastructure development, stepping up economic restructuring in the direction of combining commodities with intensifying agricultural and forestry extension, transferring and applying scientific and technical advances, expanding the production scale of a number of key crops with competitive advantages, increasing incomes and renewing production and daily-life practices of ethnic minority people in the district.
It's over.
What's your name?
Article 9. Responsibilities for implementation
Ladies and gentlemen! 35 typical young teachers and lecturers of this year have been selected by the Provincial Youth Union Standing Committee, in order to commend individuals with outstanding achievements in professional tasks and also as energetic and enthusiastic Youth Union cadres in youth movements and activities.
To successfully lead and direct commune-level defense drills; to fulfill 100% of troop allocation targets, ensuring lawfulness and quality; to lead and direct the strict maintenance of combat readiness regimes, firmly grasp the situation and coordinate with forces in ensuring political security, social order and safety in the locality.
PHILOSOPHER: Yes. Where do you buy notebooks and pens?
to enter
We brought dogs, machetes, spears and crossbows.
In the first 6 months of 2019, branches, communes and townships continue to build large-scale field models in localities on an area of 261.7 hectares, reaching 92.5% of the plan.
It is known that the total cost of building the house is nearly VND150 million, of which the district's "For the Poor" Fund supports VND40 million, the rest is contributed by the family.
Vinh Thinh commune has a poultry herd of over 12,000, of which the Vietj herd has about 9,000,
Cooling
To publicize on the mass media lists of establishments which satisfy all conditions on and fail to satisfy all conditions on assurance of food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products, and establishments which fail to properly manage the quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water under their assignment or decentralization.
Attending the conference Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee; Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the district People's Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council and leaders of the commune and township People's Committee.
Policies to encourage the development of highland socio-economic development such as freight subsidy, price subsidy and support for plant varieties for livestock breeding
On the morning of March 2, the district People's Committee held a briefing on COVID-19 prevention and control 
Deputy Heads: Mr. Phan Thanh Liem, Deputy Director of the Department of Education and Training.
pcs (chopsticks) 
On the 72nd anniversary of the 27.7 Invalids and Martyrs Day, on the morning of the 26.7, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV - Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee visited and presented 5 gifts to disadvantaged families in Vinh Thuan commune.
Up to now, grassroots mediation teams in the district have gradually gone into order with 144 mediators.
flush (water) 
Efficient economics
Outline of the scheme on development of crops, livestock and specialty products with advantages for development of ethnic minority areas in Binh Dinh province through 2025
Currently, the crops are growing and developing quite well, tea 1 to the stage of making stalks - preparing for pitting, tea 2 stages to finish branching - making stalks, pests and rat bites appear scattered but not high density, the functional sector has coordinated with local authorities to guide farmers to implement measures to prevent and avoid spread.
Speaking at the Congress, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Secretary of the District Party Committee congratulated the results of the Party Committee's activities in the past term. In the new term, he proposed: The commune Party Committee should focus on completing infrastructure and improving the quality of criteria in NTM construction, developing a variety of industries to serve the needs of production and people's life; there are mechanisms to encourage and create favorable conditions for enterprises and cooperatives to invest in developing a variety of industries and effective production models to improve people's lives.
The Government's bonds shall be used as support capital for construction and installation work.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial - level Education and Training Departments and Finance Departments in, reaching agreement on teaching programs and contents and funds for organizing teachers training courses at all levels and submit them to provincial - level People's Committees for approval before organizing the implementation thereof.
Showing Drawing
The use of chemicals and additives in the typical products of the province, has a high level of risk of food safety.
Agencies assigned or decentralized under Article 1 of this Decision shall inspect, examine and supervise establishments producing and trading in agricultural supplies, rural daily - life water and agricultural, forestry and fishery products in their localities.
drive (dog) 
In particular, focus on some objectives and targets such as: The average economic growth rate increased by 13.4%; strive to raise the average per capita income to VND 28 million / person / year; the rate of poor households annually reduced from 3 to 5%; the rate of rural laborers trained over 90%; budget revenues increased by 2% or more; every year 20% of the branches successfully completed their tasks, no weak branches; Party committees achieved clean and strong throughout the term.
It is known that the group with the same interest in safe vegetable production is voluntarily established by farmers with common interests in accordance with law to promote the spirit and strength of the collective, of each member in order to help each other effectively implement production, business and service activities to increase income and improve the lives of the group members.
Every village is bustling.
Floating
That'd be nice!
Vinh Hao Commune People's Committee and Dinh Tam Village Residential Area also organized to award certificates of merit to 8 households that achieved the title of excellent cultural family and signed emulation covenants, launching emulation movements in 2020.
After approving the tentative agenda and contents of the meeting, Mr. Le Cong Nhuong answered petitions related to voters of Vinh Thanh district such as: Requesting the People's Committee to recover land of forestry companies and protection forest management boards to balance allocation to people lacking agricultural land.
Fracture
In some localities, the authorities are mobilizing people to build household-scale garbage treatment tanks.
cave,
Specifically, it is necessary to guide and support loans and plant varieties for people in areas near forests to feel secure in developing production and raising their living standards.
yong yong
ash paintings
shrimps
Decision No. 548/QD-UBND dated February 22, 2019 of the Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee on the establishment of the Steering Committee for renovation of the general education program of Binh Dinh province.
Over the years, focusing on vocational training for rural laborers, the Center for Vocational Education and Continuing Education has continuously strengthened its physical foundations and equipment, stepping up the training and retraining of vocational teachers and administrators.
Ladies and gentlemen! 35 typical young teachers and lecturers of this year have been selected by the Provincial Youth Union Standing Committee, in order to commend individuals with outstanding achievements in professional tasks and also as energetic and enthusiastic Youth Union cadres in youth movements and activities.
Help them make their own points.
Article 2. This Decision takes effect on the date of its signing and annuls 02 administrative procedures in the field of grassroots culture.
Nhon Hoi Economic Zone is a multi-sectoral zone with 70% of its area occupied by tourism, services, urban centers and industries.
To enhance the effectiveness of the state management of PBGDPL, grassroots conciliation and building of communes up to the standards of law access;
Thank you. We drank.
In addition to the transfer of economic plans to production, to mobilize farmers to restructure the economy in the direction of commodity production and increase product value.
After the ceremony, the villagers cleaned up, planted trees, planted flowers along the main road in the village, creating environmental landscape, village roads clear, clean and beautiful.
Yes, it's...
Particularly in 2018, there are 71 people with a support amount of 142 million VND. The support norm of 2 million VND / person.
Someone came in from the shadows and swept the front with a broom.
tilling (pumping) 
If it's awkward, it's long and ugly.
ANTQ
When the sesame plant has three quarters of its leaves yellow, the fruit is hardened, turning from greenish yellow to dark yellow or brownish yellow.
Movements always win the attention of all levels, sectors and the entire society.
Yôl said to his mother, "Next time go to the market I'll let you go!"
Example: For citrus fruit trees 5 to 10 years old; hoeing in the shape of a canopy fertilized with rotten manure (50 - 70 kg), phosphate powder (2 - 3 kg), lime powder (1 - 1.5 kg), synthetic NPK fertilized lining (1 - 2 kg), microbiological organic fertilizer (2 - 3 kg); Mix well with soil and cover, limit watering in winter.
throttle
Promulgating the Plan for organizing the Binh Dinh Summer Tourism Festival in 2017;
There's a trough.
go trotting,
This is an activity aimed at raising awareness for the people to participate in building and developing the culture of ethnic minorities; protecting and promoting the fine traditional cultural values in the locality.
spear,
In order to improve the quality and effectiveness of settlement of affairs, the contingent of cadres and civil servants from district to commune levels at the "one-stop-shop" and "inter-agency one-stop-shop" sections will be arranged in adequate quantities, ensuring quality to meet all needs of agencies, enterprises and citizens when settling administrative procedures.
quickly,
Pharmacy
blinking (eyes) 
Allocated 55.4 hectares of JICA2 plantation forests to 50 households in O5 village to participate in the management and protection project.
Decision No. 96/2006/QD-UBND dated September 07,2006 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on promulgating the fee bracket and the rate (%) of the entrance fee.
Discussing and contributing opinions to draft documents of the XIIIth National Congress of the Party and draft documents of direct superior Party congresses
In addition, the propagation to raise awareness for the community about natural disaster prevention is focused 
backwards
Hrê people
In the past year, most of the ethnic minority villages in the district were organized by the agencies and administrative units in the province and the district.
With the determination to escape poverty, not expecting to rely on the State's poor household support policy, she and her husband publicly abandoned deforestation, both planting forests and planting trees for annual harvests such as noodles, hunger.
My son,
And use the funding for primary health care for the elderly at the residence.
In implementation of Program 135 in 2019, so far Vinh Thanh district has allocated support capital for infrastructure investment and production development of VND 13 billion.
From 2014 until now, the District Veterans Association has promoted the support of members to develop family economy.
- To propose the recognition according to their respective specialized functions and tasks. To fully participate in the Council's meetings and activities.
Youth Unions of districts, towns and cities with children participating in Children's Councils
The Women's Union of Vinh Thinh Commune has implemented the contents of learning and following Uncle by practical works, concretizing his teachings in association with the activities of the Commune.
Use a growth regulator to dab effective sprouts on vines. Pay attention to enough dots to infuse the drug into the sprouts. 
In recent years, the emulation movement to build studious families, studious families and study promotion communities has been paid attention and promoted and identified as a key task.
Squirting
This shows that when communication, advocacy and provision of reproductive health/family planning care are carried out regularly and properly, the effectiveness is very important.
To inspect and supervise food hygiene and safety assurance conditions at De Gi port. To maintain De Gi port up to grade - A food hygiene and safety conditions.
The education and training work to improve the intellectual level of ethnic minority people has always been paid attention to the construction and equipping of material facilities, teaching and learning equipment, improving the teaching quality of teachers.
Thanks to that attention, the life of Vinh Thanh people, especially in ethnic minority areas has been renewed.
Water Flow
K6 Village Women's Association is a typical
Grateful
In this case, the family made 2 rice poles with hybrid rice varieties TH3-5 supported by the province, thanks to good care, the average yield reached 61 tonnes / ha.
Attending the Congress were Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee; Mr. Luong Dinh Tien, Chairman of the Provincial Vietnam Youth Union; Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee, Chairman of the District People's Council, Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the District People's Committee and especially the presence of 120 official delegates representing 5,195 youths of the whole district.
Where's the...
On August 29, the Ethnic Affairs Division of Vinh Thanh District visited and supported 15 prestigious ethnic minority families facing natural disasters and prolonged drought in 2019 in Vinh Thanh, Vinh Kim and Vinh Son towns, with an amount of VND500,000/person in cash.
To step up the transfer and application of scientific and technical advances, restructure crops and crops, convert underwater rice areas into land areas under dry rice and widely apply efficient and advanced production models.
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Justice, People's Committees at all levels according to responsibilities and scope of management.
fantasy,
It is possible to treat cuttings with hot water 40 – 45oC for 40 – 60 minutes to kill pathogens.
The construction of essential infrastructure works, which have been put to efficient use, has created favorable conditions for production, travel and goods circulation of people in the communes.
Strictly control people coming and going out of Vinh Thanh district, especially those returning from or passing through the epidemic zone
Localities have registered plans on solid construction of canals and ditches, committing to having sufficient other resources for the planned construction;
The area for rearing whiteleg shrimps will reach 950 ha, tiger prawns 1, 100 ha and mollusks 105 ha.
the devil,
To concentrate on raising the quality of education and training, contributing to raising the people's intellectual level; to integrate programs and projects, mobilize various resources for socio-economic development and promote economic restructuring suitable to the conditions and cultivation level of ethnic minority areas in the district.
Currently, the whole district has 9/9 Party Committees of communes and townships with military branches of communes and townships reached 100%, of which 7/9 of the branches have the Party Committee, reaching 77.77%.
The common point of many young teachers today, in addition to professional work, is that the leaders of the Youth Union are active in the Union work and the youth and student movement in the school.
Social sciences
Thanks to the implementation of the policy on forest allocation and protection, people have an additional income when joining hands to keep the forest.
Article 1. Additional funding in 2020 shall be allocated to Departments of Education and Training for tuition fee exemption and reduction and tuition support for the second semester of the academic year 2019 - 2020
humour,
Yes, I am.
If propagated in the right season can achieve a survival rate of 91% and a rooting/germination period of 11 days.
The police of Vinh Thanh district will conduct patrols on roads in the district, and at the same time propagate and mobilize the people to raise their awareness of vigilance, the spirit of resolute struggle to condemn and denounce crimes, social evils and violations of law to contribute to ensuring order and peace for the people..
to come,
It is known that all this money was mobilized by the collective of leaders and policemen of Vinh Thanh District to support the prevention and control of Covid-19 in the district.
Capital solutions and capital mobilization.
in hiding,
facials
Can we have some water?
Land fund for construction of student housing to calculate the demand and ability to meet student housing in Binh Dinh province.
get out,
stitch
The mission of the Interdisciplinary Checkpoint is to control, carry out body temperature measurement, medical declaration, travel history,
In addition, the School Relay Club also organized a free booth in Vinh Son Commune for students and relatives with hundreds of books and clothes were handed over to people with difficult circumstances.
District-level People's Committees shall coordinate with commune forces and forest owners in stopping and patrolling forest products in circulation on district roads.
The cultural and social fields have seen many positive changes, social security is paid attention to ensure; political security is maintained, social order and safety is stable.
Most households are entitled to borrow capital for the right purposes, bringing into full play the efficiency of the use of co-loan capital, aiming to develop the economy and improve the family life.
In 1975, after the reunification of the country, the People's Committee of Vinh Kim Commune asked for the handover of weapons for management according to regulations, but Đít did not comply, hiding his gun to hunt forest animals.
Have a certificate of informatics with a standard level of basic information technology skills.
To step by step meet the requirements of protecting political security and social order and safety in each commune or township.
- The State budget source.
youh out,
To concentrate on organizing vaccination in a coordinated and definite manner in each village and commune, ensuring the scheduled schedule and avoiding scattered and prolonged vaccination.
To amend a number of articles of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 65/2009/QD-TTg, Decision No. 66/2009/QD-TTg and Decision No. 67/2009/QD-TTg of April 24,2009;
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities: 
The provincial level of support for solidification of 1 km of rice irrigation canals (calculated according to the price in Q3 2015) with the design size and corresponding support level specified in Appendix 3,.
I built a house, I bought a television, I bought a motorcycle.
The Sun
Therefore, the number of violations of the Law on Forest Protection and Development in the area during the year remains high.
Strictly control the illegal transportation of forest products on roads, especially key routes
On February 12, the Party Committee of Vinh Thuan commune successfully organized the 4th congress, the term 2020 - 2025.
By noon the market was over, and he and his mother left.
Accordingly, according to the results of the survey of poor households from localities in 2019, the number of poor households in Vinh Thanh district is 3,750 households with 12,841 people, accounting for 37.99%, a decrease of 6.34% compared to 2018.
The interdisciplinary epidemic control team of Vinh Hoa commune, located at Tien An village, is tasked with inspecting and collecting the situation of mobile people; cases of travelling to, from, and passing through districts, provinces and foreign countries back in the locality and temporarily controlling and preventing disease penetration, minimizing the spread of Covid-19 into Vinh Thanh district.
Yôl's buffalo,
To add projects on dormitories for students to the list of projects eligible for preferential credit loans or post - investment supports.
After 20 days of launching, the District Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee has received more than 87.7 million VND and 20 hand sanitizer bottles.
peel off,
Article 9.-Operation regime
Vision to 2045
the call,
At the same time, the district has mobilized forces to help people restore damaged houses to have temporary and stable accommodation in advance.
In order to achieve results in the process of building NTM, the Steering Committee of Vinh Kim Commune has been well aware that to quickly complete the criteria, it is necessary to improve the people's living standards, improve the level of application of science and technology to production, first of all to focus on meeting all conditions for people to produce the best results, thereby raising incomes and stabilizing life.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of local governments dated June 19, 2015;
Lightning
It is known that in 1963 Dinh Dat joined the guerrilla forces of Vinh Kim Commune, so the local government assigned a cabin gun to do the task.
When the first - grade cutting has 4 - 5 leaves, continue to cut off the tops.
Accordingly, the commune People's Committee has directed the villages to strictly implement the seasonal calendar to avoid damage caused by the weather and pests.
The district Party Committee determines that the work of consolidating the organization, building and developing the Party members is one of the important tasks in the Party building. Therefore, it always pays attention to leading and directing the grassroots and subordinate Party Committees to create conditions for them to take care of the work of discovering, creating sources, fostering and helping elite people who wish to strive to become Party members.
To guide the construction of houses and works suitable to the characteristics of natural disasters in each locality.
Joining the Children's Council to the Team Council and the superior Division of Education and Training to summarize and send to the provincial Team Council.
The Party Committee of Vinh Thanh town held a conference to summarize the work in 2019 and implement the tasks in 2020
scabies
Once upon a time,
Tay Son district: VND 1,377,825,000 
In order to improve the quality and effectiveness of settlement of affairs, the contingent of cadres and civil servants from district to commune levels at the "one-stop-shop" and "inter-agency one-stop-shop" sections will be arranged in adequate quantities, ensuring quality to meet all needs of agencies, enterprises and citizens when settling administrative procedures.
burning,
Joel, how much would you pay for two books and a pen?
I, uh...
Fire Fighting
There are two couples who are old but still have no children. 
Decision No. 96/2009/QD-TTg dated 22/7/2009 of the Prime Minister
From this fund, many women members have used it for the right purpose and promoted its effectiveness.
Types of forest trees: Timber trees, non-timber forest products: Pharmaceutical materials, spices..;
About specialty products.
Along with the good direction of plant care, the livestock situation in the commune is also maintained relatively stable and developed.
Training programs and textbooks are modified and supplemented flexibly to meet the changes of the labor market
After more than 3 years of implementing Directive No. 05 on promoting learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style, Vinh Thanh district Party Committee has issued documents to lead and direct the implementation for officials, Party members and the people to learn by each topic and register contents to follow.
According to him, there are anti- landslide embankments is the life of people along the river has ensured,
There is one district boarding general education school for minorities and two semi-boarding general education schools for minorities.
To organize ceremonies to honor and encourage individuals and collectives that record outstanding achievements in implementing local policies on ethnic culture.
Talented children in the fields of culture and art, having a positive influence on children: 03 children.
In order to ensure safety for students and learners in educational institutions in the district to go back to school after the temporary suspension period for Covid-19 prevention and control; the district People's Committee requests the Division of Education and Training; the district Health Division, the Health Center, the State Education and Training Center of Vinh Thanh district, the Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for Early Childhood Education; Vinh Thanh High School and the People's Committees of communes and towns to urgently coordinate in synchronous and serious implementation of measures to decontaminate, disinfect and sanitize classrooms and teaching equipment before organizing students and learners to go back to school; At the same time, maintain regular school and classroom sanitation after each school session and school day.
On the basis of the assignment and decentralization prescribed in Article 3 of this Decision and other law provisions, to assign tasks to specialized agencies under their management and concurrently decentralize the management to People's Committees of communes, wards and townships in their localities.
Comrade Nguyen Thi Phong Vu also affirmed that caring for policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution is a fine tradition and morality of our nation and at the same time the feeling and responsibility of all people. Therefore, over the years, the province has always paid much attention to and cared for policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution with specific and practical actions.
To enhance professional direction and guidance, conduct preliminary and final reviews and inspection of grassroots conciliation work, and build communes up to law access standards
Pursuant to the Decision No. 2937/QD-UBND dated August 25,2015 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province;
To gather small slaughtering points in the area for slaughtering and control. Take responsibility before the Chairman of provincial People's Committee if not putting at least 01 concentrated cattle and poultry slaughtering facility into operation in the third quarter of 2020.
People have not yet received clean water; storm shelters have not yet met the demands of vessels in the province and the anchoring areas.
To well perform the advisory function in building the all-people defense in association with the people's security posture
To encourage enterprises to invest in the development of beef cow raising in the province, act as major producers of breeding cows, beef cows, grass and fodder plants for beef cow raising; to connect with major domestic markets and export beef and beef cows.
Based on their functions and tasks, this Plan and Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU, provincial-level Departments, sectors and localities shall formulate plans to organize the performance of assigned tasks in a coordinated and effective manner.
a small bucket,
tops (fire) 
suddenly,
And promote the value of historical - cultural relics and scenic spots in the district, town and city.
and mobilize other legal resources to carry out these activities.
On the morning of December 1, the Provincial Committee for Ethnic Minorities Affairs in cooperation with the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh district organized the technical acceptance and handed over 3 sets of gongs to the general education, lower secondary and upper secondary schools of Vinh Thanh;
and preferential policies of the Government as prescribed in Resolution No. 18/NQ-CP dated April 20,2009;
Foreign language tests shall be exempted in the following cases: 
nicely,
Far Away
People's Committees of coastal districts and Quy Nhon city
Squirting
Attending and directing the conference were Mr. Nguyen Ngoc Tho, Deputy Director of the provincial VBSP, in the district there was Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee.
The contents and forms of operation of the Study Promotion Association have seen many innovations, the quality of its activities has been increasingly improved; the policy of linking the formal education system in schools with the non - social learning system has been strictly implemented in order to build a learning society for the achievement of the objective of comprehensive and useful human training for the society.
in the day,
Assessment report on the current status of production and trading of high-quality beef and beef in Binh Dinh according to the value chain;
bibs (cow) 
Coordinating agencies: Relevant agencies and organizations. 
squirrel
As of June 15, the entire district had 46/50 grassroots Party organizations under the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district that had completed the grassroots Party Congress for the 2020-2025 tenure, reaching 92%, including 12 party committees and 34 branches. 
likes,
around,
Absent from home
Attaching to the actual conditions of the locality, attracting a large number of ethnic minority people to participate and enjoy.
Over the years, Vinh Thanh District Health Center has been interested in strengthening and improving the health network at the commune level.
The CCB district has directed the associations to deploy and organize research, thoroughly grasp the contents of the topics such as:
Pursuant to Decision No. 36/2018/QD-UBND dated July 20,2018 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province;
Proactively formulate and effectively implement the Action Plan to ensure food safety in the field of agriculture and Decision No. 45/2019/QD-UBND dated August 23,2019 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province.
The Provincial Union of Women's Unions has cooperated with the Union of Women's Unions of Vinh Thanh District to launch the model Limiting the use of plastic bags to protect the environment in Vinh Thanh Town.
To invest in Nhon Hoi terminals capable of receiving ships with a deadweight tonnage of up to 10.000 tonnes (by 2025) and complete the capacity of receiving ships with a deadweight tonnage of up to 30.000 tonnes (by 2030).
Sheds: 
To diversify, mobilize and effectively use social resources for grassroots conciliation and development of communes up to law access standards.
I used to work as a janitor for the rich people in the area.
On the formulation of programs on development of social houses, houses for industrial park workers and dormitories for students;
To organize the effective implementation of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts teaching contents in schools under the guidance of provincial-level Education and Training Departments.
there's...
Within 30 working days from the day on which the satisfactory application is received,
Pruning: When the branches have become woody, it is necessary to prune the branches, to ensure that the tree produces fruit concentrated and healthy.
Time: From 15/11/2017 to 15/12/2017 
Investment fund: The province shall support 70% of the total fund, the remainder shall be mobilized from tourist units inside and outside the province.
then (door) 
(vii) Upgrading and repairing aquaculture experiment stations and upgrading infrastructure of concentrated shrimp rearing zones with a total expenditure of VND 6,338.550 billion. 
Attending were Mr. Dinh Drin - Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao - Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, leaders of departments and unions and especially the presence of 85 members who are representatives of Uncle Ho's good children representing more than 4,000 children's team members in the district.
get the rice season 
full moon
Recently, Vinh Thanh High School and Vinh Thanh Middle & High School have focused on the prevention of Covid-19 pandemic.
Ms. Dinh Thi Thuy - Head teacher of grade 6A2, Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School said 
Dormitories serving students with 05 floors or more shall be synchronously invested in technical infrastructure.
The leader of the Standing board of the People's Council of the province shall make a statement and conclusion. 
The number of poor households in ethnic minority communes decreased significantly from 4 to 5% per year, so far there are no hungry households, basically eradicating makeshift houses.
To organize forums to seek initiatives, solutions and intellectual gathering of the whole province to step by step eradicate poverty and narrow the gap between regions and ethnic groups.
According to the school cluster planning of the area in the suburban land of Nhon Phu ward near Binh Dinh College and Quang Trung University.
Chairman of the Council: Leaders of the provincial People's Committee;
The young man took it gladly. The elephant went on:
Accordingly, ethnic minority households in mountainous areas participating in the production of hybrid rice varieties are supported 100% of the seed price by the provincial People's Committee.
Report to the provincial Command Centers for Natural Disaster Management to develop the plan for storm response.
Are there Barnabas in other provinces?
Timely solve complex problems that emerge from the base, not to be passive, unexpected. 
During the visit, learning experiences in Vinh Son commune, the delegation of prestigious people has received the attention, help and enthusiastic welcome of leaders, cadres and civil servants of the district Division of Ethnic Affairs;
The hybrid rice with its superior characteristics is well resistant to external conditions, less requiring a high intensive mode of cultivation as pure rice, so the majority of Bana people still prefer to use hybrid rice in cultivation.
Charcoal
Military branches of communes and townships in districts shall be regularly strengthened and improved to raise their leadership and combat capabilities.
shake hands,
Snatch
In order to carry out the plot, the enemy uses a mixed military force to organize raids, searches, raids, and uses bad traders to investigate the situation, detect facilities, warehouses, hook up bad elements in the locality to establish espionage in place.
General policy
The recruitment council shall post the list of candidates according to their registration numbers and examination rooms.
On the morning of March 9, Vice Chairman of District People's Committee Huynh Duc Bao inspected the hygiene work to prevent Covid-19 epidemic at Vinh Thanh High School and Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for the Gifted.
The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development shall closely coordinate with the district-level People's Committees, provincial and district project management units and concerned units in :
The monkeys ran off.
Therefore, Vinh Thanh district has developed a plan to develop the raising of high-quality beef cows in 2016 - 2021, according to which the number of herds is not increased but focused on increasing the quality and weight of the herd.
eats,
From the beginning, the enemy regarded Vinh Thanh as a key point of destruction, the enemy's plot was to discover and destroy the revolutionary base and officials stayed with the provincial offices and warehouses and neighboring districts (Binh Khe, Phu Cat) in the district.
It's not morning yet, but we're on our way.
To review and supplement concentrated animal slaughtering establishments.
Prevention is the most important issue for this disease: Treat the seeds before sowing with hot water (52-550C); treat the potting soil with 40% Formalin at a concentration of 8%. 
Assign tasks.
The leadership of the Relic Management Board includes the Director and no more than 02 Deputy Directors.
To sum up, report and propose the provincial People's Committees to consider and direct the implementation of this Circular.
After 15 years of resettlement, the socio-economic situation in Vinh Thuan highland commune has seen many positive changes, national defense and security have been ensured, the people's material and spiritual life has been significantly improved, contributing to building the Party and the administration in a clean and strong manner.
contemptuous
Coordinate with the Department of Home Affairs in preparing facilities and other conditions for the examination.
- Agencies in provinces and People's Committees of districts, towns and cities;
I felt the same way the next few days.
Hurricane
Implementation duration: The Scheme shall be implemented in two phases: By 2020 and 2025.
Expansion of De Gi Anchorage
Lining: all manure or microbiological organic fertilizer + phosphate fertilizer + lime when ploughing or fertilizing the hole before planting
At the request of the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism 
Eating and staying
To inspect and control the origin of forestry plant varieties, ensuring their quality, selecting appropriate plant species, planting them in the right seasons and in favorable weather for plant growth and development, and stepping up the production of varieties.
Up to now, Vinh Thanh district has 952 families of elderly members achieving cultural titles, accounting for 42.27% of elderly members in the district.
Just a little while longer.
The children are actively practicing experiments, exploring, researching, participating in knowledge exchange - with the teaching method "Hands made dough".
Article 1. Establishment of the Steering Committee for formulation of the Scheme for agricultural restructuring towards value added improvement and sustainable development in Binh Dinh province during 2014 - 2020 as follows:
Scale: 02 cow markets with an area of 5.000 - 10.000 m2/market
Mr. Boong studied very well. At the end of the school year, he was allowed to visit Hanoi capital by Binh Dinh province. When he got home, Boong enthusiastically told the story of the capital to the whole family. Dad asked Boong:
The Advisory Board shall meet before the Children's Council's sessions with the provincial People's Council to reach agreement on the contents and prepare documents.
Especially, in order to help the subordinate branches organize the congress in accordance with the provisions and contents of the proposed plan, the Party Committee of the commune held a point congress in the 8th village branch to draw experience.
To mobilize resources of the entire political system and the entire society for dike management in order to take the initiative in handling incidents arising unexpectedly before and during flood and storm seasons and repairing and upgrading other essential dikes in order to step by step solidify and synchronously upgrade the provincial dike and embankment system, making important contributions to natural disaster prevention and control and protection of people's lives and property.
to,
Enclosed with the Decision No. 44/2018/QD-UBND dated August 28,2018 of the People's Committee of the province
Min Sex
Specialized management sub-departments under provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services shall manage production and business establishments which have business registration certificates and conduct conditional business lines according to the provisions of law.
To attach importance to the development of Party members, continue implementing Resolution No. 18 of the XIIth Party Central Committee on streamlining and efficient operation of the Party apparatus, stepping up and consolidating the building of clean and strong Party grassroots organizations, and raising the leadership and combat capabilities of Party grassroots organizations.
The locality has deployed the construction of 30 essential works for production and people's life with a total construction cost of over VND 20 billion.
hooded
In the first quarter, the district police has actively coordinated with the departments, branches, associations and unions of districts and People's Committees of communes and townships to propagate, disseminate and educate law and launch the movement All people protect national security to participate in crime prevention and combat before, during and after the Lunar New Year 2020.
To invest in the construction of dwelling houses for pupils and students at schools and training establishments under their management.
Upper secondary schools in the province shall organize the effective implementation of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts teaching contents in their schools.
To increase investment in infrastructure construction, building a new countryside and step by step raising the living standards of people in the province, the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee requested the heads of the provincial services, departments, branches, socio-political organizations and mass organizations to :
The Commander
lay,
The construction of anti-erosion embankment on the banks of the Kôn River is of very important significance.
Typical in this movement is veteran Tran Van Minh in Ta Diek village, Vinh Hao commune. 
Regarding the preparation of the Party Congress at all levels towards the XIIIth Party Congress, the Secretary of the district Party Committee recommended that the delegates should seriously absorb and properly implement Directive No. 35 dated May 30, 2019 of the Politburo on the Party Congress at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party.
(in) here 
The households participating in the project are supported 100% of costs with the number of 13,650 animals to ensure quality specifications, supported 50% of feed costs with 10,678kg of which: Fish feed 9.912kg, industrial bran 766kg and veterinary drugs (vitamins, minerals).
singing,
Other suitable practical activities programs. 
Mr. Trinh Xuan Long, Deputy Director of the Department of Home Affairs.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003 
To propose orientations for activities in the subsequent periods of Vietnam National Day of Ethnic Culture in Binh Dinh.
His beard was white, and his hands were as stiff and wrinkled as the bark of a banyan tree in the forest.
Original
On the afternoon of December 24, the People's Agitation Board of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee held a conference to summarize the work of People's Agitation in 2019, implementing the orientations and tasks in 2020.
Total estimated budget for implementation of the plant variety development assistance policy in the 2016 - 2020 period in Binh Dinh province is VND 49.040 million, including:
Other powers as prescribed by law and assigned by the Director of the Service of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
Only healthy men.
To assign and decentralize the inspection, examination and supervision of assurance of food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products; to manage the quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water under the management of the agriculture and rural development sector in Binh Dinh province, covering:
dear,
For seriously diseased fields, it is necessary to thoroughly destroy diseased plants and diseased plant remnants, rotate with other crops from 1-2 years later to plant noodles again. Do not transport noodles from diseased fields to areas without disease.
The building of standardized agencies, units and enterprises has markedly changed the observance of internal rules and regulations of agencies; working responsibly with polite and cheerful attitudes without imperious attitudes causing troubles to people.
HD/UBKTTW
People's Committees of provinces
Accompanying students in scientific research projects, or as a Deputy Secretary of the College Union, many students are not afraid to come to her to exchange learning, as well as share things in everyday life.
Other provincial-level departments and sectors shall, within the ambit of their assigned state management functions and tasks, proactively coordinate with one another in intensifying the application of measures to manage and ensure dike safety and prepare for dike maintenance and flood and storm prevention and control in 2020.
Twist in,
The success of the model helped many members and relatives in the village to study and follow very successfully.
Organized extensively in the Team facilities, arousing in the children and the entire society the spirit of solidarity, mutual affection, willing to share the difficulties, encouraging to create trust and consensus with children on the way to make dreams come true.
To continue promoting revolutionary traditions, to be a spiritual fulcrum for children and grandchildren to build harmonious families and preserve national cultural traditions.
fold ten 
In addition to the State's investment resources to build sustainable economic development models, mass organizations such as the Peasants' Association, the Veterans' Association, the Women's Association and the Youth Union have made efforts to implement many practical activities to help their members borrow capital for economic development.
Harvested plants to wash all the soil, pick up weeds and impurities, drain, chop the length of about 3 - 3.5 cm.
yield,
hello friend,
On the morning of October 9th, the Provincial Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee in collaboration with the Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh District held the launching ceremony of the model of a residential area for environmental protection and response to climate change in Village 6, Vinh Thuan Commune.
To bring into play the achievements, in Vinh Thanh district, to continue mobilizing resources for investment in infrastructure development, stepping up economic restructuring in the direction of commodity linked with enhancement of agricultural and forestry extension, transfer and application of scientific and technical advances.
Recently, farmer associations at all levels in the district regularly coordinate with specialized sectors, participate in advisory activities, support on varieties, fertilizers, capital, transfer of scientific and technological advances... for farmer members.
deflection
According to the indictment, at around 6: 30 p.m. on April4, 2019, Dinh Dat, carrying a cabin gun and 7 rounds of ammunition, went alone to a forest near his home to visit a forest animal trap.
Mom, what's with the farmhouse?
Article 2.-Based on the maximum charge rates prescribed at Point a, Clause 3, Article 1 and the practical characteristics of each scenic place, historical relic or cultural work,
Office of the Provincial People's Council: Authenticate and arrange cars to pick up and drop off the former Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Council through the periods of attending the Opening Ceremony and Closing Ceremony of the Festival.
The representative of the Children's Council shall submit a consolidated report on the result of the meeting and recommendations of the Children's Council.
To use the professional apparatus of their agencies to perform their assigned tasks.
to understand,
Islands
armpit
According to the plan, by the end of March, Vinh Thanh district will complete the vaccination for poultry in the district.
Carrying
unfortunately,
The provincial education and training public employee recruitment councils shall be set up under decisions of the provincial People's Committee presidents, each comprising:
Plant the cuttings horizontally on relatively flat ground.
Decision on issuance of action plan for assurance of food safety in agriculture in 2018 in the province
To serve the formulation and formulation of socio-economic development policies for ethnic minority areas in the 2021-2025 period.
The commune People's Committee has directed the dredging of canals and ditches, conducting soil preparation, ensuring irrigation, economical and scientific use of irrigation water and timely supply of rice varieties to farmers.
Daddy, is this banana ripe yet?
Garment
The campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas", honoring the identity of Vietnamese ethnic groups.
Vocational training for rural laborers, especially mountainous laborers, is a major policy of the Party and the State to help people have conditions to eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty, striving to eliminate poverty with their own labor.
I'm wearing a rope and a sickle.
Domestic and foreign martial arts schools and dojos: 
Vinh Thanh district actively implements the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in 2019
Chairman of the provincial People's Committee
The entrusted activities of associations at all levels, savings and loan groups have operated stably and effectively, being a bridge for poor households and other policy beneficiaries to access capital sources for economic development, job creation and life improvement.
Enhancement of forest management and protection, management of aquatic resources and irrigation works
In this term, Vinh Thanh district has 59 polling stations, electing 59 village chiefs and neighborhood chiefs in the area.
Harmful young leaves on the leaf plate appear black dots, curved and deformed leaves and dry on the plant. On the surface of the harmful young seeds there are round, brown spots, seeds are wrinkled and dry. Harmful fruits are shed young. The sting of the bug also facilitates the ingress of diseased fungi.
Many economic models of farmer members continue to promote efficiency
In the coming time, the district War Veterans Association shall continue stepping up the implementation of the "Model War Veterans" movements in association with the local political tasks in order to strengthen and consolidate the great national unity bloc, firmly maintain defense and security, and serve as a reliable basis for the Party Committees, administrations and people in the work of building and developing the homeland.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Education and Training in Report No. 1928/BC- SGDDT dated 22/9/2015,
Very little.
footjob
Execution contents
to go behind,
On the morning of December 4, Vinh Thanh District Public Security held a ceremony to announce the decision of the director of the provincial Public Security Department on mobilizing full-time police officers to hold commune police posts in Vinh Son and Vinh Thuan communes.
Mr. Nguyen Huu Vui, Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development;
type (door) 
Article 4. Implementation duration
To assign and decentralize the tasks of inspecting, examining and supervising establishments producing and trading in agricultural supplies (agricultural varieties, forestry varieties, plant protection drugs, fertilizers, veterinary drugs, chemicals, bio-products for veterinary use, animal feeds, aquatic veterinary drugs, aquatic feeds, treatment products, environmental remediation substances in aquaculture)
Pursuant to Decision No. 823/QD-BNN-CN dated March 16,2020 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
strong,
Visiting Mrs. Dinh Thi Luan's family in Kon Blo village, Vinh Son commune - one of the households that has just escaped from the poverty line.
The provincial Association of the disabled, socio-professional organizations on law, legal training institutions and other relevant agencies and organizations.
To organize the performance of assigned tasks according to this Plan and the State's regulations.
Thighs
The area of forested land in Vinh Thanh is quite large, bordering with many other districts in the province; roads are impeded, while the forest protection force is thin, vehicles are inadequate, so the management-BVR work faces many difficulties.
When the diameter of the fruit is about 0.5 - 1cm, the fruit is pruned to create a space, and focus on nutrition for the fruit to grow evenly, the grape cluster is clear to limit pests.
In addition, from 2016 to now, the sisters in the commune have saved over 18 million VND and 650 kg of rice.
The competition was attended by 9 teams from communes and towns in the district.
Including the following contents: Making road to the furnace: 5m wide, 160m long in which the roadbed is made of cement concrete 3m wide.
back up,
The downside and consequence of rapid urbanization has a huge impact on the environment and climate change, in which it is inevitable that the human habitat is threatened, seriously degraded by pollution from waste and sewage of industrial parks, craft villages, residential areas.
Streams
In the first 9 months of 2019, Vinh Thanh district has 10 workers participating in labor export to work overseas for a definite time through the Job Center under the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs of the province.
cuddle,
- To seek and adopt appropriate forms of behavior, praising the nuclei in cultural activities of ethnic groups;
set (clothes) 
Staff of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee awarded Party badges to 75 Party members; admitted 94 elite masses to the Party.
The construction of essential infrastructure works, which have been put to efficient use, has created favorable conditions for production, travel and goods circulation of people in the communes.
The goal of the district is to develop the raising of high-quality beef cows in a sustainable manner, creating goods value and increasing income for farmers.
outstretched,
look at the ground,
(rice) probably 
In particular, you ask and remind local authorities and people to strengthen and enhance the spirit of prevention and control of the Covid-19 epidemic, which is developing complicatedly today.
demanding,
I walked in and there were two very pretty girls.
Department of Planning and Investment: 
Through this, helping ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district gradually improve the quality of life, reduce diseases, repel social evils, rise to enrich sustainably.
Incorporate into the campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas"
Regulations on criteria for assessing the effectiveness of PBGDPL
foods,
The National Target Program on Sustainable Poverty Reduction in recent years has brought practical results, helping poor and near-poor households to rise up in life.
Mr. Dinh Van Lam - People of village K2, Vinh Son commune, Vinh Thanh district expressed his joy like this 
squirrel 
Especially, the launching of movements on environmentally autonomous residential quarters, residential quarters for crime prevention and combat in association with traffic order and safety, building of a new countryside, etc., has been positively and effectively responded by most inhabitants. To strive for the target that by the end of 2020, the entire district will have 69.5% of villages and hamlets recognized with cultural titles.
Health facilities and school points are built spacious, clean and beautiful, meeting the needs of medical examination and treatment, learning for children and local people.
Approved in the List enclosed herewith without decision on land recovery, land allocation, land lease, permission for change of land use purpose 
Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee
People are excited to emulate production labor, animal husbandry development, many households have built tile houses, purchased motorcycles, televisions, no one has to worry about lack of food, clothing.
Technics of making corn gourds
Spans
The farmers' members participating in the model jointly sign the commitment to well mobilize and educate their children, grandchildren and family members in the village not to violate the law and social evils; participate in the struggle and denunciation of crimes, not to cause troubles and fights, not to let violence occur in the family, not to participate in social evils affecting the security and order in the village.
If a business establishment manufactures or trades in multiple products, a presiding authority and relevant agencies shall be assigned to cooperate at the request of the presiding authority.
sorry,
Thousand
In 2016: VND 11,700 million.
Together with the promotion of public information work, the district Party Committee and People's Committee shall direct the district health service and commune and township People's Committees to closely monitor the health status of subjects with risky factors; direct agencies, units and schools in the district to clean up and spray disinfectants in public areas.
Local budget funds shall be allocated for compensation, ground clearance and construction of technical infrastructure outside fences.
Ms. Vo Thi Thanh Mai - Deputy Director of Provincial Civil Judgment Enforcement Department;
To well perform the advisory function in building the all-people defense in association with the people's security posture
And request the departments, sectors and unions in the province to perform the following tasks :
The prestigious delegation of ethnic minority people in Van Canh district recently visited, studied and exchanged experiences in Vinh Thanh district.
Annually, about 68% of commune and township military branches are ranked as clean and strong.
Through 5 years of implementing the emulation movement of exemplary veterans, in the area of Vinh Thanh district, there have appeared many examples of exemplary veterans in all fields and have a strong spread in the community, contributing actively to the construction and protection of the Party and the government, helping each other develop the economy to rise in life, and contributing to fighting and repelling crimes and social evils throughout the villages.
Therefore, the number of families registered to achieve the title of studious family at all levels and units increased rapidly.
adult sex
Pursuant to the Circular No. 03/2014/TT-BTTTT dated March 11,2014 of the Ministry of Information and Communications.
Formulate plans and documents for implementation of the Directive of the Secretariat 
Intercropping or rotation with legumes such as peanuts, green beans, black beans... has the effect of increasing soil nutrition, restoring obesity after planting tapioca. This is one of the sustainable farming measures for tapioca soil. It is not recommended to grow monocrop tapioca for many years in a row.
Speaking at the Congress, Mr. Dinh Drin - Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee praised and noted the achievements that the children have achieved in the past time and wished them to promote their achievements, good academic emulation, positive in labor "Small age working small".
empty
Winter crop corn planting and care techniques applied as minimum soil 
To strive to achieve 17/19 criteria of the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
Up to now, infrastructure in difficulty-hit areas of the district has been invested in solid construction, contributing to improving the quality of education and medical examination and treatment; the people's life has gradually improved; The rate of poor households decreased by 5 to 6% annually on average. 100% of communes have cement concrete or asphalt roads to commune centers; irrigation systems have been increasingly invested; 99% of households are using the national grid; 59/59 villages and hamlets have community cultural houses... The rate of poor households at the end of 2019 decreased to 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to the previous year.
At the same time, there shall be a mechanism for organizing meetings of voters between provinces - communes or districts - communes in order to raise the efficiency of commune - level meetings of voters.
Stiff
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned agencies in, formulating and submitting to provincial-level People's Committees for approval, guidance and inspection projects and tasks on development of new energy, renewable energy and economical and efficient use of energy for marine economic development.
Soil cover plants both moisture retention, soil erosion resistance, climate improvement in the orchard, is the shelter of parasites, natural enemies against pests..
To attract the interest of many rural workers engaged in labor export to increase income for families.
In order to celebrate the 37th anniversary of Vietnamese Teacher's Day, on the afternoon of November 16th, Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School organized a competition for brocade weaving and knitting among students.
In 2019, the grassroots Women's Union also developed 182 new members, bringing the total membership of the district to 6,097.
The 18th Party Congress of the district is scheduled to be held in August 2020
Through the propaganda and consultancy sessions, workers are informed of the professions, domestic enterprises are in need of recruiting workers and markets looking for labor export such as Japan, Korea, Taiwan...
This Regulation applies to the Chairperson, Vice Chairperson, members, Secretary and relevant agencies, units, organizations and individuals.
On this occasion, the provincial police has awarded certificates of merit to collectives and individuals who excellently completed their tasks in 2019.
Patriotic emulation movements, works to celebrate major holidays, political events of the country, sectors and localities and Party congresses at all levels towards the XIIIth Party Congress
orchids,
beautiful,
fishing,
Drowning not only robs life, but also leaves unresolved pain for many families and society.
mountains
Primary school students and preschool children return to school from 04.5.2020 
Pursuant to Article 6 of the Government's Decree No. 39/2018/ND-CP dated March 11,2018.
So, how do you dig a hole?
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities: 
Decree No. 161/2018 / ND-CP dated November 29, 2018 of the Government on amending and supplementing a number of provisions 
NVQS
Seed production development
dances,
At the request of the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism 
Kon Đruch village is in the high mountains. The village has about thirty Ba Na families. From Vinh Thanh district to Vinh Son commune, there is only a small road, about thirty kilometers long. Because the road is difficult, the villagers live isolated from the outside.
Ba paid the clerk and left.
Plain Bearing
Floods
He hurried off to buy medicine.
On the occasion of the Lunar New Year 2020, on the afternoon of January 16, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh – TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee visited and presented gifts to 09 policy beneficiaries and families with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh town, each gift is worth 500 thousand VND
Mr. Tu Kim Lan - Headmaster of Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School said more 
To make periodical and extraordinary reports under Point a, Clause 3, Article 4 of this Decision.
Food safety conditions at Quy Nhon and De Gi fishing ports include food safety for fishing vessels, aquatic products after extraction, ice used for preservation on vessels, and facilities at the ports;
In addition, the School Relay Club also organized a free booth in Vinh Son Commune for students and relatives with hundreds of books and clothes were handed over to people with difficult circumstances.
Construction of gyms and toilets
toys,
On that basis, grassroots Party organizations shall formulate and implement solutions to improve learning effectiveness and follow Uncle Ho's example for each cadre and Party member who registers to study and follow the 2020 theme in association with the implementation of the Party's resolutions and regulations and professional tasks to achieve high results.
To attract investment projects in hi-tech and supporting industries and projects with energy-saving, green and environmentally friendly production technologies into Becamex Binh Dinh industrial park.
Mr. Dang Van Phung, Deputy Director of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs.
In order to well implement the work of the Association and the Peasant Movement, propaganda plays a very important role.
Specialized examination and inspection activities must ensure no overlap between agencies in the sector, between the provincial and district levels; ensure uniformity from provinces to districts, towns and cities. In case of overlap of specialized examination and inspection plans, the following shall be complied with:
Mr. Pham Tan Thanh, Deputy Director of Department of Industry and Trade;
The Advisory Board of the provincial - level Children's Council shall coordinate with the Office of the provincial - level People's Council in preparing working contents of the Standing Board of the provincial - level People's Council for the Council.
paintings,
Currently, the district has 26 educational institutions distributed evenly in communes and townships, well serving the learning needs of school-age children.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 63/2010/ND-CP dated June 08,2010 on control of administrative procedures;
Squirt 
In 2009, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir began to form with the model of raising pink basking fish in cages carried out by the Department of Fisheries of Binh Dinh province.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 808/QD-UBND dated December 12,2007 of the People's Committee of the province on the establishment of the Management Board of provincial historical-cultural relics and scenic places;
Just... just...
The buffalo festival lasted three days and three nights before it ended.
Seed structure using key rice varieties such as mutant variety, ĐV 108, ANS1, TBR 36, TBR 45, aromatic cayenne 8, additional varieties such as KD 28, ML 202, ML 48
Decision No. 1672/QD-TTg dated November 30,2018 of the Prime Minister on approval for the regional construction planning of Binh Dinh province by 2035;
In the following years the amount of manure increases with age, fruit yield and depending on the type of soil.
(fruit) grapes 
Advising the provincial People's Committee to organize a 10 year review conference to implement the Law on Gender Equality according to the plan (depending on actual conditions)
After 20 days of launching, the District Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committee has received more than 87.7 million VND and 20 hand sanitizer bottles.
Rainfall of 1,000-2,000 mm/year is the most suitable. The distribution of rain during the year affects the fruiting process rather than the total rainfall. The fruiting season usually lasts about 2 months, at this period the weather must be very dry.
The voices calling to one another.
chase away,
The district Farmers' Association has maintained and implemented 7 models of collective economy in communes and townships, namely: Vinh Hoa commune has a model of chili cultivation in Tien Hoa village, Vinh Hiep 2 commune has a model of "hybrid glue cultivation" in Ta Let branch and a model of "rice cultivation" in Thanh Quang branch, Vinh Thuan commune has a model of "cashew harvesting" in village 4 branch, Vinh Hao commune has a model of chili cultivation in Dinh Nhat branch, Vinh Thinh commune has two models of "cashew cultivation" in M2 branch and a model of "freshwater fish farming" in Vinh Hoa branch.
General objectives
Number of cylinders: 29 cylinders (2005: 4 cylinders; 2016-2020: 5 cylinders).
Over the years, the attention of all levels and branches, the people's efforts, mobilization of external resources to focus on investment in the construction of electricity systems, roads, schools, stations, cultural institutions such as village community cultural houses, sports and physical training playgrounds... have made the rural face more and more renewed.
One of the key contents that Vinh Thanh district has invested in depth for many years is the education and training for ethnic minority children to build human resources for the future.
and,
For district roads completely damaged road surface: cement use norm of 440 tons/1km.
Commune Party Committees shall organize the implementation of this Circular and propagate to commune cadres and Party members to "learn" and follow Uncle Andrew's example with concrete and practical tasks, thereby raising the sense of responsibility and attitude to better and better serve the people.
Don't burn it indiscriminately.
I knitted one today.
radiating out,
Attending the launching ceremony were Mr. Dinh Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of the district Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee.
bridges
foods,
Mushrooms are the favorite dish of many people, so if the user can not distinguish poisonous mushrooms and edible mushrooms, it is easy to cause poisoning, causing harm to the health and life of people.
In addition, the district also approved a list of near-poor households in 2019 of 1,237 households, accounting for 12.53 percent, down 0.82% over the same period.
Launched by the Ministry of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs and the provincial People's Committee,
Budgets of districts, towns and cities: In addition to the provincial support levels, localities shall, depending on their budgets, provide farmers with additional supports equal to at least 10% of the prices of perennial plant varieties for land areas converted for rice cultivation.
Dude, you...
Measures Early detection of buds with caterpillars, cuttings and burial in the ground or burning; spraying young insecticides is often ineffective because young worms hide in the bud core.
The congress presented to beloved Uncle Ho and the Party honored the results of the district's children's team and movement in the past 2 school years.
The Doctor
Double Door
a long time,
Department of Natural Resources and Environment 
In 2019, the economy of Vinh Thanh district closed with very impressive achievements with the increase of the total local product of 14.5%.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 02 dated 5.1.2015 on approval for the project on survey and collection of information about socio-economic status of 53 ethnic minorities and the General Statistics Office's Decision No. 593 dated 30.7.2018 on the project on survey and collection of information about socio-economic status of 53 ethnic minorities in 2019.
Employee Council
To implement the Scheme on agricultural restructuring and the program on building a new countryside, including policies to encourage the development of models of cooperation, association and application of science and high technology to agricultural production.
winding 
Mr. Tran Van Co, Deputy Head of Secondary Education Division, Department of Education and Training;
These activities have contributed to attracting more and more women to the organization.
Preliminary and final review of the implementation and before December 01 annually send reports on the implementation to the Department of Natural Resources and Environment for summarization and reporting to the provincial People's Committee.
reduce the rate of third childbirth 
Organizing the Launching Ceremony of Action Month
Because for a long time, ethnic minority people in mountainous communes often have the habit of extensive farming; they need large areas of land for farming, leading to deforestation on their own. 
The most important measure is to have effective policies to create stable and long-term jobs for people.
At the same time, to create favorable conditions for prestigious people's delegations to exchange, exchange and learn experiences in propagating and mobilizing people to well observe the Party's undertakings and the State's policies and laws in the cause of socio - economic development, hunger elimination and poverty alleviation, building of a new countryside, building of the grassroots political system and the national great unity bloc, firmly maintaining security, defense and social order and safety in localities where they reside, preserving and promoting the national cultural identity.
To closely coordinate with Council members in carrying out general activities and performing assigned tasks.
In the past few years, many households in Vinh Thuan commune have boldly borrowed concessional loans from the Social Policy Bank to invest in afforestation, watermelon cultivation, pumpkin cultivation, green bean cultivation, hybrid cow breeding... with efficiency.
chili peppers
In furtherance of the Prime Minister's Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg of July 13,2010,
Assignment and decentralization of tasks of inspection, examination and supervision of food safety assurance of agro-forestry-fishery food production and trading establishments (enclosed with Appendix II).
The norm of hybrid rice varieties per hectare of cultivation: 40 - 45 kg/ha.
The directors of the provincial / municipal Finance Services shall allocate the funding amounts mentioned in Article 1 to the provincial / municipal Education and Training Services for implementation organization.
The COVID-19 control checkpoint in Go Lei was established on 2.4.2020 with the Health, Military, Traffic Police and Youth Union forces, tasked with controlling, measuring body temperature, making health declaration and travel history.
click (alcohol) 
To encourage poor people, poor households and poor areas to proactively and actively rise up; to step up the implementation of the mechanism of decentralization and empowerment for localities and grassroots units and promote the community's role in poverty reduction.
By 2045, to continue investing in the development of marine economic sectors so that Binh Dinh province will make major breakthroughs in fast and sustainable marine economic development commensurate with the province's advantages and potentials toward a green marine economy.
Advising and establishing the Advisory Board, the Advocacy Board for the establishment of the Children's Council.
today is,
To coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in inspecting and supervising the Program implementation results.
Regarding the scheme on assignment of the regular police to communes, voters proposed that there should be clear policies because the commune police positions are currently civil servants, professional qualifications in the specialized fields of security and public security, so the communes cannot be arranged to other positions.
In 2003, after demobilization, he returned to his hometown, he explored 4 hectares next to Ha Ron stream near his home to develop cashew cultivation, lemon cultivation combined with animal husbandry.
In the coming time, Vinh Thanh District Union will continue to coordinate well with all levels and sectors in providing services, consulting and supporting the youth to develop production.
On April 21, the Provincial Agricultural Extension Center deployed the commercial perch farming model at Mr. Pham Xuan Quang's household in Tien An village, Vinh Hoa commune.
Synchronously implementing the tasks and solutions for sustainable development of the marine economy, Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU
In 12 affiliated sub-departments, there are 6 sub-departments that have implemented the consolidation of the title of secretary of the sub-department cum village chief.
The disease appears and thrives when the soil moisture is too high, the soil in the potting mix is not treated or soil is taken from infected areas and low-moisture, inundated nurseries.
Tightened
On the morning of September 24, Vinh Thanh District People's Committee held a training conference on investigation and review of poor households, near-poor households and households with average living standards in 2019 and the poverty eradication plan for policy households and people with meritorious services in the district for the period 2019-2020.
the next morning,
Left Side
25 farmer households directly participating in the model have been supported by Mahyco Vietnam Company with seeds, fertilizers and plant protection drugs.
Meatballs
by \
burning (fire) 
(sunny) projection 
Accordingly, this time, the director of the provincial police dispatched 12 regular police officers of Vinh Thanh district police to assume the position of head and deputy head of communes and townships (of which 6 are heads of commune police); District police dispatched 8 regular police officers to receive the task of police officers in communes and townships including Vinh Quang, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Thinh, Vinh Hao, Vinh Kim and Vinh Thanh township.
To prepare human resources, means, medical equipment, preventive and curative medicines for first aid and treatment of victims; to conduct environmental sanitation and epidemic prevention and combat.
Thereby equipping rural laborers with professional knowledge to contribute to creating jobs, stable incomes, maintaining their lives, increasing labor productivity, changing occupations, strictly complying with the Party's and the State's undertakings and policies.
Recently, thanks to step by step access to care techniques, new technology cages, low production costs, stable income, cage fish farming on Dinh Binh irrigation reservoir has strongly developed.
To bring into play the achievements, the Young Pioneers Association of Vinh Thanh district continues to promote patriotic emulation movements such as the "Age - a bright example" movement in association with "Learning and following the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh"; Taking care of the spiritual and material life for members, so that the elders are assured "Live happy, live healthy, live usefully for the family and society.
CQC 
At the same time, to formulate poverty reduction plans with specific objectives and solutions, focusing on disseminating the purpose, significance and importance of poverty reduction in various forms in order to raise people's awareness about economic development, hunger eradication and poverty reduction.
Mr. Pham Dinh Tong, Deputy Director of Department of Planning and Investment 
At the same time, the commune People's Committees are requested to direct the concerned branches to overcome the shortcomings in the contracting of forest protection and tending, especially the prevention of deforestation and encroachment on protection forests.
In addition, Vinh Quang Commune has also propagated to livestock households to regularly carry out livestock environmental sanitation, spraying antidotes, disinfecting breeding facilities, contributing to preventing epidemics occurring on livestock and poultry flocks.
And the Steering Committee for Renovation of the General Education Program of Binh Dinh province will become the Steering Committee for Education and Training Renewal and Development of Binh Dinh province.
Because of the development of each martial arts studio, the tuition money collected is not enough to purchase equipment for training students.
After harvesting, the district People's Committee shall direct the Vinh Thanh Protective Forest Management Board to carry out procedures for proposing competent authorities to recover land and assign the locality to elaborate a use plan.
Groups
at (home) 
palm tree 
Up to now, Vinh Hiep commune has completed 14/19 criteria.
medical doctors
Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee
It was a soft green that stretched out in the light of his eyes.
the sand,
Prices
Content: Coordinate with the Vietnam International Federation of Traditional Martial Arts and the Vietnam Federation of Traditional Martial Arts
In conformity with ethnic and local characteristics, to practically organize the "Vietnamese Nationalities Culture Day", considering it a big cultural festival of the great families of Vietnamese nationalities.
At the ceremony, on behalf of the Leader of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee congratulated the honored party members to receive the Party badge this time.
peeled (shell) 
Article 4. This Resolution supersedes the Resolution No. 06/2013/NQ-HDND dated July 26,2013 of the People's Council of Binh Dinh province.
pieces (cloth) 
just...just...
In addition to building and equipping physical foundations and teaching and learning equipment, and raising the teaching quality of teachers, the district has implemented all regimes and policies for ethnic minority children such as the provision of learning aids, rice support, meal allowances and other personal needs to create conditions for them to study well.
Especially choose a topic or a work of an urgent, practical nature to focus on solving.
strings
With funding contributed by donors, the provincial Red Cross gave Le Thi Tha's family, An Phuoc village, VND 50 million from the support of Big C Supermarket System and Mr. Dinh Luong Ham's household in M2 Village, Vinh Thinh Commune, VND 40 million from the support of Binh Dinh Petroleum Company to build houses.
MTTQVN
Regularly inspect and closely monitor the fluctuation of market prices, strictly handle cases of trading in fake goods, goods of poor quality, goods of unclear origin, goods failing to ensure food hygiene and safety; propose solutions to contribute to price stabilization, solve problems in the course of implementation.
The farmers' members participating in the model jointly sign the commitment to well mobilize and educate their children, grandchildren and family members in the village not to violate the law and social evils; participate in the struggle and denunciation of crimes, not to cause troubles and fights, not to let violence occur in the family, not to participate in social evils affecting the security and order in the village.
Implementing the exemplary Veterans Emulation Movement, over the past time, many specific activities have been carried out by all levels of Veterans Associations in districts, close to the practical conditions in each locality, creating a positive change in thinking and actions of officials and members.
Through 5 years of implementing the emulation movement of exemplary veterans, in the area of Vinh Thanh district, there have appeared many examples of exemplary veterans in all fields and have a strong spread in the community, contributing actively to the construction and protection of the Party and the government, helping each other develop the economy to rise in life, and contributing to fighting and repelling crimes and social evils throughout the villages.
With many incentive and support policies of the Government at present and on the basis of the existing land funds,
Through the meeting, in order to honor the traditional fondness for learning of the Vietnamese nation, at the same time, to praise and encourage the spirit of striving, overcoming all difficulties and challenges to achieve outstanding achievements, typical in learning and training, at the same time, it is also an opportunity for pupils and students to have the opportunity to meet, exchange and exchange experiences, creating motivation for them to continue to strive, strive, train and become young talents devoted to the cause of building the homeland and the country, creating pervasive power, inspiring for young people to learn and follow.
harvesting 
In the process of implementing the model, the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh district always closely follows, considers, studies and directs, adjusts appropriately, closely to the reality, promptly solves the difficulties that the Model Women's Union encounters, and ensures the effectiveness and quality of activities of the Associations and gradually improves the satisfaction of all 5 criteria.
To use part of 20% of the land fund reserved for the construction of social houses under projects on commercial houses and new urban centers in localities for the construction of students' dormitories in conformity with planning.
On the basis of the number allocated to districts, district health centers have also distributed them to commune and township health stations for malaria diagnosis, detection and prevention and control for people.
Livestock FMD pathogens, blue-eared pigs, and swine cholera remain latent and the epidemic can occur at any time.
Hello, Uncle.
Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Director of the Department of Finance, Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, Director of the Provincial Department of Taxation,
120 years of President Ho Chi Minh's birth (19/5); 65 years of the National Day (02/9); the 1,000th anniversary of Thang Long - Hanoi (10/10).
- To coordinate with the provincial / municipal services, departments, branches and organizations in guiding the implementation thereof;
Performing arts and sports activities are regularly maintained among the people, annually organized activities to celebrate major holidays and participated by the people; the villages have been supported with gong sets, contributing to maintaining, preserving and promoting the traditional arts of the locality.
In particular, focusing on promoting the movement "All people participate in national security protection in association with the implementation of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized urban areas; villages without crimes and social evils; and actively mobilizing people to develop economy, eradicate hunger and reduce poverty.
After harvesting, 1 month before cutting branches and fertilize periodically 10 – 15 days / time when the plants flower and fruit.
Like many of the people here, he hopes the project will be completed soon.
These are two families whose homes collapsed due to tornadoes in May 2019.
Is it hard to knit?
a flock of white butterflies 
Over the years, focusing on vocational training for rural laborers, the Center for Vocational Education and Continuing Education has continuously strengthened its physical foundations and equipment, stepping up the training and retraining of vocational teachers and administrators.
After studying this topic, the Party Committee of the commune shall request the Communist Party's affiliates to include the contents of thematic activities in 2020 in their regular and thematic activities, at least once a quarter and organize periodical activities related to the political tasks of the Communist Party's affiliates and their members, discuss and discuss solutions for overcoming the limitations, set the orientation, evaluate the results, and report the results to the superior Party Committee.
Which parrots and birds are more beautiful? 
Projects funded with state budget capital: 
Socks (legs) 
Tasks: Collecting, preserving, storing, assessing, documenting, exploiting and efficiently using genetic resources of plants and domestic animals.
The XIIth Congress, the 8th session,
Promulgating the Regulation on conditions, standards and process of recognition of preschool educational universalization for children aged 5 years
large bowls
Pursuant to Decision No. 5248/QD-BVHTTDL dated December 17,2008 of the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism 
In order to improve and achieve the criteria of rural environment, Vinh Thanh district has directed communes, townships and associations to strengthen the mobilization of people to implement measures to clean the environment of residential areas, disinfect and decontaminate the area of barns, village roads, clear sewers, collect and treat waste and build clean water works, sanitary works in accordance with standards.
dull,
distortion 
thirteen,
Minnie, why are you crying?
In addition, all levels, branches, mass organizations, communes, townships and members of Military Service Boards of districts shall continue to promote the propagation to the people, urge, remind and encourage the youths and families with children subject to military service call-up, examination and recruitment to fulfill their citizenship obligations.
To deeply grasp and widely propagate among officials, Party members and people the strict observance of the law provisions on dykes,
District PT always steadfast, unite to overcome difficulties, complete the standards of building strong units
In addition, when roads are made on the embankment, it also creates conditions for people to go back to production and trade, and contributes to the improvement of the environment in this area because in the past, the riverside area was often a place where many people poured garbage, causing environmental pollution.
By the end of July 2019, Vinh Thanh District VBSP helped 1,819 ethnic minority households borrow loans with a total amount of 70 billion 136 million VND.
To concentrate on developing mixed central areas in new urban centers, especially Mai Huong urban center.
(sunny) soothing 
strong,
Rocks
Two... two...
How's it going?
Strengthen their self-confidence, thereby helping them be more active, trained more skills to serve useful in learning and activities.
greetings 
These health stations have been fully equipped with essential medicines for routine medical examination for people.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 113/TTr-SNN dated April 14,2020 
If the soil is sloping, make a minimum soil to limit erosion and waste. If the soil has a large slope (> 8%), it is not necessary to plow the hole directly. 
The People's Committee of Binh Dinh province promulgates the plan to implement the Scheme on conservation and promotion of traditional costumes of Vietnamese ethnic minorities in the current period in the province.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province in the Statement No. 379/TTr-SNN dated December 24,2019,
Implementation duration: From 2021 to the end of 2030, divided into two planning periods (2021 - 2025 and 2026 - 2030).
To date, the value of the local GDP has increased by 14.5% annually on average; the economic structure has shifted in a positive direction: the proportion of agriculture - forestry - fisheries accounts for 59.9%.
Held the conference "Talking about the moral example of Ho Chi Minh" from the grassroots to district level.
iron
On the 72nd anniversary of the Vietnam War Invalids and Martyrs' Day (July 27th), on the morning of July 24th, Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu, Member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Board of Advocacy, Chairman of the Provincial Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee visited and presented 10 gifts, each valued at VND 1 million to people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh district.
My son,
whisper
falling 
In the memory of old villagers such as Gia Thu in Vinh Thinh, bok Kien in Vinh Thanh town, bok Ka in Ta Diek village (Vinh Hao Commune)... the debauchery scene of mountainous villages in Vinh Thanh after the bombings of warplanes hitting the village in 1953 - 1954 of the last century remained intact.
Recently, thanks to the attention of Party committees and commune administrations, the close coordination between forest rangers, the Fatherland Front and mass organizations in communes has promoted law dissemination and education for people on forest management and protection.
Supporting martial artists in charge of martial arts studios to serve tourists every month by the minimum salary at each time until 2015.
the south,
Attending and directing the conference were Mr. Colonel Huynh Van An - Deputy Director of the Provincial Police, in the district there was Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee, Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the District People's Committee.
You know, we live in the same village.
(red) flushing 
In recent years, the Party Central Committee at all levels in Vinh Thanh district has made many good and creative ways in mobilizing people to participate in patriotic emulation movements and campaigns launched by the Party Central Committee of Vietnam, such as the campaign "For the poor", "All people build a cultural life in residential areas".
Healing therapy
Besides, the coordination among branches and levels in the work of mass mobilization has been closely and more effectively.
one half,
Footsteps
Become a broad patriotic emulation movement of the masses, growing stronger and stronger, bringing about great, comprehensive and profound achievements.
Comply with current construction standards and regulations.
Article 2. Provincial People's Committees shall organize the implementation of this Resolution.
Ten grand.
It can be said that infrastructure works in service of socio-economic development in Vinh Thanh district in recent years have changed the appearance of rural and mountainous areas, contributing to trade, convenient travel and people's life is more guaranteed.
To invest in building permanent preschools and primary schools in communes meeting with exceptional difficulties, transversal beaches and islands in Binh Dinh province during 2017 - 2020;
Pending the implementation of high-quality programs, tuition fees shall be collected at the rates proposed for adjustment and supported by the state budget.
outside,
Strictly maintain the combat readiness duty, timely handle the situations that occur.
Planting technique: When the rain is stable, bring the seedlings that are qualified for export to the garden to plant. For grey soil with high clay content, poor drainage, soil must be rooted so that water does not stagnate in the planting pit after heavy rains.
lakes 
To prepare forces, means and equipment for forest fire fighting, evacuation and rescue upon request.
gliding,
Recently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh district has done well the trust loans through banks with a total outstanding debt of over 121 billion VND for farmers to borrow capital for economic development.
This is a common harvesting method in cashew plantations. This harvesting method saves the harvest and ensures the quality of nuts but must take measures to prevent loss and loss.
Peach trees are very suitable for soil and climate in Vinh Son
On task performance, organizational apparatus, payroll and finance of public non-business units
Cooperate with Credit Policy Bank of Disputed District to help youth have capital for economic development
Support norms: Hybrid corn varieties: 15 - 20 kg/ha (depending on corn varieties);
Many women not only performed well the health care for themselves but also actively participated in advocacy, advising other women in their localities to follow.
The following reportage by Xuan Dung reflects on the joy of the people when the anti-erosion embankment of the Kôn River was built.
Integrate national target programs.
chatter,
jealousy,
lactating
Under the project: Investment in solidification of preschools and primary schools in extremely disadvantaged communes, flatlands and islands in the 2017 - 2020 period, Binh Dinh province
Investment capital of people: 
General Regulations
Chief of Office of People's Committee of province; Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development; Presidents of People's Committees of districts, heads of relevant agencies, units, organizations and individuals shall implement this Decision./. 
Secondary School
This is the responsibility of all levels, sectors, families, schools and the entire society.
In accordance with the law and the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child. 
At the meeting, after listening to the National Assembly deputies presenting the results of the 8th session of the XIVth National Assembly, voters of Vinh Thinh commune proposed to the deputies a number of contents on the situation of ethnic minority children who have no jobs after graduation from school;
Sleeping Sleeping
Son of a resistance war activist infected with a toxic chemical, son of an Armed Forces hero,
young woman
To improve and adjust the system of standards and regulations on breeds in conformity with domestic conditions and international law.
Decision on approving the Scheme on conservation and development of a number of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts furnaces to serve tourism up to 2015
Any problems arising in the course of implementation should be reported to the provincial People's Committee presidents for timely direction.
riding (horse) 
In Vinh Thanh district, 20 investigators will be mobilized to investigate 750 households in 25 areas of 8/9 communes and townships in the district.
Consultation on gender equality and women's advancement for the period 2018 - 2020 (December 2017) 
It used to be big and long.
Mr. Phan Thanh Liem - Deputy Director of Department of Education and Training;
intestines
Repairs
To coordinate with provincial delegations in establishing, maintaining and organizing activities of the Children's Councils.
From the beginning of 2019 to now, Vinh Thanh district has 24 workers going to work abroad for a definite time, reaching 160% of the annual plan, exceeding 60% of the assigned target.
whiskers
Subjects of investigation include: Actual residents of ethnic minority households by the time of investigation; deaths of household members;
Floating
To encourage poor people, poor households and poor areas to proactively and actively rise up; to step up the implementation of the mechanism of decentralization and empowerment for localities and grassroots units and promote the community's role in poverty reduction.
At the land area behind Quy Nhon University (the land area of the V Military Region handed over to the province). 
Because of the difficulty of the road, the villagers lived isolated from the outside.
Department of Culture and Sports
Goats
Monthly launch a campaign to sanitize and disinfect the environment to prevent coronavirus and animal diseases in the area. Mobilize farmers to actively maintain this work.
Departments and sectors shall, within the ambit of their assigned functions and tasks, direct and perform natural disaster prevention and response and search and rescue within their management.
Together with the promotion of public information work, the district Party Committee and People's Committee shall direct the district health service and commune and township People's Committees to closely monitor the health status of subjects with risky factors; direct agencies, units and schools in the district to clean up and spray disinfectants in public areas.
Thereby, creating a consensus, high unanimity among all members to organize the implementation.
She brought a big bucket and Yao chose the smallest, most beautiful bucket. All along the way, Yao witnessed many new things: tall ancient trees, big roots three or four people hugged not all, the zigzag streams flowing around day and night do not know where to start. Yao asked his mother:
Through the activities of the Association, farmers' members are equipped with guidelines and policies on development of agriculture, farmers and rural areas, gradually raising awareness of new sciences and technologies, especially biotechnology.
Pursuant to the National Assembly Standing Committee's Resolution No. 753/2005/NQ-UBTVQH11 of April 2,2005, promulgating the Regulation on operation of People's Councils;
Matchmaking
Communes and townships shall work out specific plans and allocate funds for the organization of Mid-Autumn Festival activities for children in their respective localities.
The need to set up the project 
Vinh Son safe vegetable products are now available at Big C supermarket system in the Central region
Mr. Nhon is away.
banging,
When God heard them, and felt sorry for them, he took a handful of seeds, and gave them to drink, and said to them, " Go home, and drink. "
Through the training course, helping to raise the awareness, responsibility and consciousness of members, farmers on ensuring traffic safety, prevention of drug crimes, black credit, contributing to ensuring security and order in the locality.
The quarantine stations will be put into operation from the 2.4th day and operate 24/24 hours, and operate until a specific instructional document of the provincial People's Committee is issued to stop the performance of the tasks of the quarantine stations.
Pursuant to the December 3,2004 Law on Promulgation of Legal Documents of People's Councils and People's Committees,
sunrise,
To direct district-level Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs Divisions in coordinating with district-level Youth Unions in :
The programs and events have a harmonious association with tourism and sports activities.
At the end of the school year, he was allowed to visit Hanoi capital by Binh Dinh province.
Plan to implement the Action Month for Gender Equality and Gender-Based Violence Prevention and Control in Binh Dinh province in 2017
What did you bring with you on the hunt?
native
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26,2003;
In pruning, pay attention to good hygiene of cuts, especially large branches, if not done well, it will create conditions for purulent disease to develop and weaken the plant. Pruning tools are sharp saws or scissors, when pruning avoid hurting the branches retained on the plant. Scan 1% Bordeaux solution on large cuts.
No, don't...
Calves
Polish 
crying,
At the same time, strengthening the management of capital sources and guiding people to use loans for the right purposes; Coordinating with the district functional branches to organize training courses to improve cultivation and breeding techniques for poor households.
To respect and promote initiatives and overcome difficulties to develop education and training suitable to ethnic minority people.
Strengthening and improving capacity, skills and professional skills for the team of grassroots mediators
Advise the provincial education and training public employee recruitment council on submitting recruitment results to the provincial People's Committee president for approval.
It is known that through the assessment and classification at the end of 2019, 47 grassroots Party organizations have well accomplished their tasks, accounting for 92.15%, of which 9 grassroots Party organizations have excellently accomplished their tasks, accounting for 19.15%.
Deputy Head of Advisory Board: 
Each ethnic group has its own customs and practices, but they all live together in solidarity.
It is composed of the following members :
Focus on the implementation of key tasks that are to build a clean and strong Party Committee, improve the combat capacity of the Party Committee to successfully implement the tasks of the Party Congress for the 2020-2025 tenure.
Especially, the transfer of scientific and technical advances to the people has been interested by the district People's Committee through the investment in building models, training and transfer of scientific and technical advances.
Guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the Government's Decree No. 86/2015/ND-CP dated October 02,2015
Through the campaign "Each member registers a good job according to the moral example of Ho Chi Minh", the whole district has over 1,000 CCB members registered, reaching a rate of nearly 96%.
Hunting is also an occasion for Barnabas to show their talent and courage.
Regarding the knitting contest. Secondary school: the first prize is awarded to the 9A2 class, the second prize to the 7A1 class and the third prize to the 8A1 class; High school: the first prize is awarded to the 10A3 class, the second prize to the 11A3 class and the third prize is awarded to the 12A class.
Vinh Hiep commune sets out the goal of striving to complete the system of roads of villages and hamlets; the internal field irrigation system of the concentrated production areas; builds, strengthens and develops the system of cultural institutions, improves the quality of the movement of cultured families, cultured villages, preserves and promotes the cultural identity of the nation, contributing to the achievement of socio-economic development goals of the home commune.
Complete the training and preliminary approval of all contents of the Festival including art and technical programs.
thigh muscle,
Objectives: To increase irrigation areas; reduce dredging and operation costs; take the initiative in water supply; reduce land areas occupied and water loss; contribute to building a new countryside.
The district also organized 8 rural vocational training classes, with funding of over VND849 million.
With a total actual water supply capacity of 25,285 m3/day.night (water supply for 305,243 people), the total design water supply capacity is 44,708 m3/day.night.
To be ready to organize epidemic prevention and control when epidemics occur in their localities under the guidance of provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Services.
brittle,
By the end of the year, 85% of poor women who are heads of households will be helped by the Association in various forms such as capital, knowledge, trees, breeding animals of all kinds. 43 poor households headed by women will be helped to escape poverty.
Planting season: Planting at the beginning of the rainy season, as soon as the soil is entitled to early rainfall becomes soft, easy to do. Thus, the plant will have favorable growth conditions throughout the rainy season.
HCM City
alkaline mosquitoes 
the hero,
The absent members must send their written comments to the Council.
Horses
In addition to the achievements, the delegates also discussed and proposed solutions to implement in the coming time such as: Vietnamese Fatherland Front from district to grassroots continues to promote the achievements, actively implement effectively the solutions and tasks set forth in the last months of 2019.
Like the "5 no, 3 clean" movement, the "garbage pit at home" model undertaken by commune women has contributed to village roads and alleys are always green - clean - beautiful.
Hey, we're...
I have a stomach ache.
Disaster Prevention and Control
Directing and guiding farmers to regularly visit the fields, using pest control measures to destroy crops and crops
Recently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh district has actively promoted the application of science and technology to improve productivity and quality of agricultural products.
Units permitted to organize the collection of charges for visits to scenic places, historical relics and cultural works shall have to elaborate schemes on organization of the collection thereof.
photo gallery
showering,
Primary schools and preschools will be built in villages to facilitate children's learning.
There are the Hre, the Barna, the Cham, the Kinh.. 
Conclusion of the meeting, Mr. Nguyen Huu Vui – Deputy Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development – Head of the Steering Committee directed Binh Dinh Irrigation Company Limited to review the reservoir operation system, implement on-site regulations, timely information to the people to take the initiative in evacuating people.
drying machine
As of 31 December 2019, the total capital of Vietnam Bank for Social Policies reached 265 billion VND, an increase of 19.4 billion VND; loan turnover of 108.7 billion VND; debt revenue of 98.1 billion VND.
Article 3. Support principles
toad,
The chapters shall organize propagation and integrate thematic talks on Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style into the activities of each group or club, such as exchanges, talks, or through contests and sports competitions.
flower eyes
In 19 criteria prescribed in the set of national criteria for NTM construction, environmental issues are included in criterion 17; in which, there are 5 contents, namely: The rate of using clean and hygienic water according to national regulations; The production and business establishments meet environmental standards; There are no activities causing environmental degradation and there are activities to develop a green, clean and beautiful environment; Cemeteries are built according to planning; Waste and wastewater are collected and treated according to regulations.
hoe (land) 
Coordinating agencies: Provincial - level and district - level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committees.
Report on results of implementation of PBGDPL tasks; grassroots conciliation; establishment of commune-level legal access standards to the provincial People's Committee (through the Department of Justice).
- To compile examination contents on general knowledge, foreign languages, informatics and specialized professional subjects for teachers (including the general in charge of the team);
to come,
Vinh Thanh district currently has 59 villages, including 31 ethnic minority villages.
payout
Support for super-pure rice varieties: VND 600 million, accounting for 1.2%;
The model of responsible fathers; the model of improving the quality of associations and their members; the model of combating domestic violence and the model of self-government road sections in village 4.
Mr. Tran Van Nang, Deputy Head of Secondary Education Division, Department of Education and Training
there are more interesting 
In the first 6 months of 2019, the socio - economic development in Vinh Thanh district continued to develop stably, total production value was estimated at VND928.4 billion, reaching 51.5% of the plan, up 14.4% over the same period, in which agricultural, forestry and fishery production increased by 8.2%; industry - handicrafts increased by 28.9%; trade - services increased by 19.6%. Culture, society, administrative reform and prevention of corruption and wastefulness continued to have positive changes, people's life was gradually improved and raised.
Results: 98% of children under 5 years old were fully vaccinated with basic vaccines, 100% of children under 5 years old were given vitamin A; 100% of pregnant mothers were fully vaccinated with tetanus...
Launching scientific and technical creativity contests, literary and artistic creation
squirrel
In the coming time, we strive to complete the epidemic vaccination, in accordance with the plan outlined.
drug defecation,
Chairman of People's Committee of Le Van Dau district requests heads of agencies and units and chairmen of People's Committees of communes and townships to direct cadres, civil servants and employees to strictly implement the working time into routine.
Over the years, the education and training work to improve the intellectual standards of ethnic minority people has always been paid attention to by the authorities at all levels.
rotate around 
Mr. Truong Van Khai, Head of Department of Planning and Finance, Department of Finance
Development of 02 logistics service centers in Tam Quan Bac commune and De Gi lagoon
To coordinate with the Ministry of Planning and Investment in balancing development investment capital sources for the medium - term and annual implementation of the Program.
In order to well implement the work of the Association and the Peasant Movement, propaganda plays a very important role.
Therefore, the program has been implemented in a fairly synchronous and close manner, thus changing and transforming the awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of poor households to receive and effectively use the State's support policies and resources to escape poverty and rise to prosperity.
To decide on the recognition or re-recognition of the titles of "cultural village", "cultural hamlet" or "cultural quarter".
mango fruit
photo gallery
To coordinate with and support credit institutions in their localities in identifying eligible borrowers, appraising loans and recovering loans in accordance with law.
On the basis of assigned tasks, to direct their attached specialized units to coordinate with provincial/municipal Agriculture and Rural Development Services in :
fish (fish) 
Hold your breath.
Specialized examination and inspection activities must ensure no overlap between agencies with specialized examination and inspection functions. In case of coincidence of specialized examination and inspection plans, the following provisions shall be complied with:
According to the political report presented at the Congress, in the term 2015-2020, the Executive Committee of the Party of Vinh Thuan commune has focused on leading the entire political system united and dedicated to emulation of labor production, socio-economic development, maintaining security and defense, successfully implementing the socio-economic objectives and tasks that the Resolution of the Party Congress proposed.
shy,
dear,
run away,
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development: 
Each school receives a set of 12 gongs.
Okay, you're good!
Cooperate with the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs and relevant agencies in disseminating the Action Month;
Socio-economic development with an average increase of 14.5% per year, economic structure shifted in a positive direction; Infrastructure such as electricity, roads, schools, health stations are invested to meet the essential needs of the people.
Participating in the model, households have been instructed on how to treat household waste; treat livestock waste with microbiological preparations or build biogas tunnels to eliminate odors caused by livestock waste; build green-brick-beautiful village roads and provide the latest information on signs of climate change; the impact of climate change on daily life, agricultural production in the area and how to respond..
To coordinate with the education and training sector in organizing the implementation of this Circular.
The economic structure shifted in a positive direction, the proportion of agriculture-forestry-fishery accounted for 59.9%; trade and services accounted for 39.7%; cottage industry accounted for 0.4%; per capita income reached 15.3 million VND / person / year; the rate of poor households decreased by 5.2% annually on average.
necklace,
has... hasn't...
There is one district boarding general education school for minorities and two semi-boarding general education schools for minorities.
Purchased electricity output 5,742,459 kWh, reached 47% of the plan, an increase of 3% over the same period; consumed electricity output 5,368,950 kWh, reached 49% of the plan, an increase of 3%, the rate of power loss of 6.5%; domestic water supply 272,240m3, reached 53% of the plan, an increase of 5% 
There have been many efforts in developing housing funds for pupils and students in Binh Dinh province;
Group of production organization, production management and training solutions;
It represents the Central region along with Hanoi City, Ho Chi Minh City, Yen Bai Province and Quang Ninh Province.
Six stared at him. " You're not that nice! "
Bean varieties (green beans, black beans, etc.): 20 kg/ha;
In the coming time, the district Farmers' Union will continue to propagate and replicate many models in the movement to build a new countryside.
Total number of demonstration models: 70 models with 560 beef cows, 28 hectares of planted grass and 70 green fodder pits.
In order to take the initiative in epidemic prevention and control in the district of Le Van Dau, Chairman of the district People's Committee - Head of the BCD requested functional agencies, units and sectors to continue to strengthen propaganda to orient and help people know how to prevent the epidemic.
Inquire
On the basis of this Plan, the provincial services, departments and branches;
Regarding the development of rural trades and crafts, to advise the provincial People's Committees on considering, deciding and granting certificates of recognition.
Identification of crops suitable to the soil and climate conditions of each region and bringing high economic efficiency;
Guidance No. 108 dated December 4, 2019 of the Central Propaganda Department requires Party executive committees of ministries, sectors and localities to study, thoroughly grasp and implement the contents of the 2020 theme among cadres, Party members and people in accordance with the specific situation and tasks of sectors, localities, agencies and units.
yellow,
Speaking at the ceremony, Mr. Dinh Dinh - Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee congratulated and appreciated the contributions of the Party members who received the Party badge for the second time this year.
When he arrived, Yao found too much wood.
Policy Solutions
Mr. Huynh Dang Khanh - Chairman of Binh Dinh Study Promotion Association. 
Convenient transportation, so the goods of relatives made by traders buy at a much higher price than before.
After the bullet exploded, he heard people screaming, Dinh Dinh As ran to see Dinh Tro, 46 years old, in the same village, lying on the ground in the condition that his right shoulder was hit by a bullet bleeding.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of Local Government dated June 19, 2015 
In order to ensure safety for students and learners in educational institutions in the district to go back to school after the temporary suspension period for Covid-19 prevention and control; the district People's Committee requests the Division of Education and Training; the district Health Division, the Health Center, the State Education and Training Center of Vinh Thanh district, the Vinh Thanh Secondary and High School for Early Childhood Education; Vinh Thanh High School and the People's Committees of communes and towns to urgently coordinate in synchronous and serious implementation of measures to decontaminate, disinfect and sanitize classrooms and teaching equipment before organizing students and learners to go back to school; At the same time, maintain regular school and classroom sanitation after each school session and school day.
Yao remained silent.
To organize the implementation of policies for ethnic minority areas in particular and people in mountainous areas in general to achieve many positive results, thus affecting the material and spiritual life of people in the district increasingly.
To report the examination results to the provincial People's Committee presidents for consideration and decision on recognition thereof.
ripe fruit,
Mr. Tran Viet Bao - Director of Department of Construction;
Due to the proactive implementation of epidemic prevention and control, the herd of cattle and poultry in Vinh Thanh district always develops stably, for many years without epidemic occurrence.
angry,
This result contributes to improving people's satisfaction with the service of Vinh Thanh district's administrative agencies, while strengthening confidence and creating great encouragement for Party Committees, administrations and cadres, civil servants and public employees in the district.
Department of Culture and Sports
Clamshells
Watering: After planting, it is necessary to water immediately. If it is sunny, water once a day until the plant recovers to grow. Then depending on growth conditions and weather to water.
The other is for vegetables and grass.
Eligible to participate in the Semi-Final Round and the Final Round of the Law Study Online Contest "School Law" (if any as notified by the Central Competition Organizing Committee).
Implementation duration: According to the operation plan of the provincial or district-level Council.
It's far.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 163/2016/ND-CP dated December 21,2016;
Silence,
The road surface was expanded from 3.5m to 5.5m and replaced with new concrete layers to make the road spacious and spacious.
Two girls come out of ivory.
distortion
Many new and innovative programs and activities have been implemented, which are widespread.
Supporting the disbursement of this capital source, gradually meeting the demand for capital for farmers' members, especially for farmers' households in difficult circumstances.
plucking (rice) 
From the beginning of this year, the sectors and associations in Vinh Thinh commune continue to support farmers to make full use of the water surface of ponds and lakes, deploying the model of freshwater fish farming, in order to contribute to increasing income sources for families.
The Department of Culture and Sports of the province has just planned to organize ethnic minority cultural exchanges and family affairs in 2019 at K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune with the following contents: Exchange and sharing experiences on building and developing ethnic minority culture, building a grassroots cultural life, building prosperous, progressive and happy families; Performing arts of folk remembrance and village associations.
Hoai An district: 50% from the provincial budget and 50% from the district budget.
Standards of training and retraining qualifications
Investing in and upgrading the cow artificial insemination system:
Along with that, the list of vocational training is supplemented in accordance with the needs of the labor market and the requirements of local socio-economic development.
Vinh Thuan commune sets out the goal of striving to complete the system of roads of villages and hamlets; the internal field irrigation system of the concentrated production areas; building, strengthening and developing the system of cultural institutions, improving the quality of the movement of cultured families, cultured villages, preserving and promoting the cultural identity of the nation, contributing to the implementation of socio-economic development objectives in the locality.
mound (land) 
Organize the inspection and direct the implementation of the Action plan for food safety in agriculture;
To encourage poor people, poor households and poor areas to proactively and actively rise up; to step up the implementation of the mechanism of decentralization and empowerment for localities and grassroots units and promote the community's role in poverty reduction.
This morning, August 8th, Bioseed Vietnam Co., Ltd visited and donated a set of amusement equipment including swing chairs, seesaw bridges... worth VND 12 million to Vinh Son Commune Kindergarten.
On the morning of October 1, Vinh Thanh district organized a survey to collect information on the socio-economic situation in ethnic minority areas in 2019.
Citrus
Speaking at the Conference, Vice Chairman of the People's Committee of district Huynh Duc Bao, Head of the Steering Committee of the 2019 Population and Housing Census of the district requested the district Statistics Sub-Department to guide the departments and branches of the district, communes and townships to use the data of the 2019 population and housing census of the district close to the reality.
Thereby, contributing to raising awareness for people in the district to understand the benefits of vocational training and proactively choose a career suitable to their capacity and conditions and the needs of the society.
A book of two and a half thousand, a pen of a thousand.
To approve together with this Decision the Scheme on conservation and development of a number of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts furnaces to serve tourism up to 2015.
Document No. 4413 / UBND-KT dated July 29, 2019 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province on the inspection and proposal for investment in construction of daily-life water supply works in the province. 
Performing visual propagation in Binh Dinh province.
Pond
healthy,
of both,
To implement the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized urban area", the Associations at all levels have mobilized people to participate in building cultured families, building cultured villages and hamlets, with 100% of farmer households achieving the title of cultured family.
The total number of students in March 2009 was 41,055 (of which the number of full-time students was 26,227).
Our country has fifty-four ethnic groups. Each ethnic group has its own customs and practices, but they all live together in solidarity. Our people are not only brave and resilient in combat, but also industrious and hard-working. Under the leadership of the Party, our people are trying their best to emulate productive labor, determined to build the country more and more beautiful.
To invest in repairing and upgrading aquaculture experiment stations and infrastructure facilities in concentrated shrimp rearing zones.
It is known that laborers in the district are mainly exported to work most in markets such as Japan, Korea and in Taiwan.
My leg still hurts.
To well carry out the work of mobilizing the masses to participate in the cause of protecting the national security and maintaining social order and safety in the locality.
The boy happily took it.
To commend, encourage and adopt appropriate regimes for health workers in deep-lying, remote, exceptionally difficult, sea and island areas.
Today, the whole family went through the rice. Mom and I got up earlier than usual. Mom cooked the rice and I prepared the rice. It wasn't morning yet, but we were on our way. Because he was the youngest of the family, I didn't have to bring the rice. He only wore a small basket of rice. To go through the rice, he loved it. He ran and walked.
Purpose, requirements
Completion of key transport projects, serving the enhancement of transport capacity in coastal areas
I bought this bundle.
As a result, the association has mobilized farmers to participate in building 19 effective economic models, including 10 cultivation models, 04 breeding models, 05 aquaculture models.
- The provincial PBGDPL Coordinating Council (the provincial Justice Service).
By 2030, to concentrate investment in the development of marine economic sectors in the following order of priority: (1) Marine tourism and services; (2) Marine economy; (3) Exploitation, aquaculture and processing of marine products; (4) Coastal industries and urban centers; (5) Renewable energy and new marine economic sectors; (6) Exploitation of marine mineral resources, specifically:
Waste collection and treatment is one of the important factors in maintaining rural environmental sanitation
Risky
The Barnabas call it the Horebrite, and they have a legend about it.
The Regulation on organization and operation of the Management Board of historical-cultural relics and landscapes of Binh Dinh province is promulgated together with this Decision.
Regarding benefits for cadres, civil servants and public employees working in areas meeting with exceptional difficulties under Decree 116 before and Decree 76 now, a number of vertical agencies located in the area are still enjoying benefits but for the agencies of districts, they are not supported as prescribed causing disadvantages to the beneficiaries.
To continue improving and raising the stature of local cattle breeds by using Zebu bull semen artificially bred for domestic cows; at the same time, to conduct radical crossbreeding of Zebu cows to create Zebu crossbreeding cows with a cross-breeding rate of 75% or higher.
About us
bulge,
To review, evaluate and draw experience from the work of directing natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in 2019, thereby formulating 2020 tasks close to the practical situation and characteristics of each unit and locality. To consolidate commanding committees for natural disaster prevention and control at all levels and provincial-level departments.
To integrate the campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas."
hairy,
bucket,
together,
Patriotic emulation movements and campaigns launched by the Fatherland Front shall continue to be maintained; the district - level Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee has coordinated with its member organizations and mass organizations in propagating and mobilizing people to effectively implement emulation movements launched by branches and levels.
Supe Lan fertilizer and manure are divided into 2 times of fertilization in the year after harvesting and 1 month before cutting branches, fertilizing in rows or niches.
Inspection and adjustment of a rental accommodation establishment
click (alcohol) 
forest rope
The python dug a bucket full of sharpened wood and took her home. At the python's house, the python transformed into a handsome young man and asked to marry him.
Works and projects to change the use purpose of land under 10 hectares of rice-growing land: A total of 614 projects with an area of 591.71 hectares;
rushing (tree falling) 
The care and protection of mothers and children and family planning are maintained regularly.
healthy,
- Party organizations, local administrations and mass organizations on the "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day"
This charge rate shall uniformly apply to Vietnamese and foreigners on sightseeing excursions.
To bring into play these positive results, in the 2020-2025 term, Vinh Thuan commune Party Committee has proposed many specific socio-economic development solutions close to the actual situation and conditions in the locality, contributing to raising incomes and living standards for people.
Provincial police authorities shall direct local traffic police and police forces to cooperate with animal health forces in quarantine of animals at major quarantine stations and inspect transport, trading and slaughtering of animals and animal products and use of banned substances in livestock production in localities upon request.
Scheme 24 was born to create conditions for farmers to link together to create strength in production and business under the guidelines of the Party and the State, striving for each village to produce a product, create a link chain in production with a timely process, create a brand and value of products and goods created, meet the market economy in the direction of socialism, which the subjects in agricultural production are farmers.
Vinh Thanh is a mountainous district, with many ponds, lakes, rivers and streams, so the risk of drowning is very high.
To comply with Articles 10, 11 and 12 of Joint Circular No. 13/2014/TTLT-BYT-BNNPTNT- BCT dated April 09,2014 of the Minister:
On this occasion, the District Party Committee also implemented Resolution No. 52-NQ/TW, dated September 27, 2012 on a number of guidelines and policies to actively participate in the fourth industrial revolution and guideline No. 07-HD/UBKTTW on inspection and supervision to serve the Party congresses at all levels to raise awareness of the role and responsibility of Party committees at all levels, authorities, cadres, party members and people of all strata in actively participating in the 4th industrial revolution and inspection and supervision to well serve the Party congresses at all levels, tenure 2020 – 2025.
Academic achievement: Primary school: Excellent completion; Secondary school: Good academic performance.
Attending were Mr. Dinh Dinh, Standing Deputy Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council; Mr. Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee; representatives of leaders of the Party Building Board, leaders of Vinh Hao Commune People's Committee and the majority of people in the village.
When the fruit is old, the peel is slightly yellow, the characteristic color of the variety is harvested. Should be collected at a cool, dry time. Collected fruits need to be classified. If transported far away when packed into a crate or barrel no more than 5 layers (the crate must be lined with straw or paper between the layers of fruit). 
On this occasion, the club relayed to Vinh Thanh district school has mobilized the support of businesses and benefactors in the district with an amount of over 10 million VND and purchased 155 warm shirts to give to primary school students in 02 communes of Vinh Son and Vinh Kim.
Up to now, the total capital of the Peasant Assistance Fund of Vinh Hoa commune has been raised over 68 million VND, especially in the first 9 months of 2019, 9 million VND has been raised, achieving 100% of the annual plan.
At the same time, maintaining and replicating new models, good practices, and effectiveness of the CCP and its member organizations such as,
Each club organizes quarterly activities with each specific content.
This is a happy signal in restructuring plant varieties, improving income from production for farmers, especially ethnic minority farmers.
To continue effectively implementing central, provincial and enterprise support policies on agricultural production development,
I just have a fever and a stomach ache.
Southwestern cluster - Logistic No. 2 is a cargo transshipment area when the North-South expressway is formed, located in Canh Vinh commune. 
Sleeping Sleeping
Where are the Barnabas?
Tuition fee exemption for students who are children of leprosy patients Quy Hoa who are enjoying social benefits
When natural disasters occur, heads of departments and branches and chairpersons of district-level People's Committees shall proactively direct the handling of natural disaster circumstances according to their competence and concurrently report them to chairpersons of provincial-level People's Committees and standing bodies of provincial commanding committees for natural disaster prevention and control for timely direction.
White sesame: round fruit, wrong fruit, early ripening, growth time 2.5-3 months, suitable for increasing intercropping.
Iron rust disease: Use synthetic prevention (IPM), use some drugs such as: Anvil 5SC; Topsin M 70 WP, copper, Carzate 
daddy husband
ca.
To direct contractors to concentrate all resources on speeding up the construction of dike-related works before the rainy and stormy seasons and work out plans to ensure safety for dikes, embankments, bridges, culverts and underground spillways under construction.
in time,
Pursuant to the Decision No. 4751/QD-BNN-TCLN dated December 11,2019 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
seasons
The total capital of the Peasant Assistance Fund at all levels in the district is VND 3.2 billion. With the capital of the district Peasant Assistance Fund, the Executive Board of the district Peasant Assistance Fund shall disburse VND 150 million for five projects in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Hoa, Vinh Hao and Vinh Quang communes, mainly husbandry projects.
District People's Committee has also put forward a number of specific solutions such as: Reviewing and assessing the current situation and causes of poverty of poor households to take measures to support and remove; Strengthening the propagation and dissemination of the Party's and the State's guidelines, policies and laws on employment; Priority support for poor households with meritorious people through the State's poverty reduction program.
sword,
Tay Son district: 30% from the provincial budget and 70% from the district budget.
The success of the organization of the Party congress of Vinh Thuan commune has important significance in the organization of the Party congress in the remaining communes and townships.
Over the past years, Vinh Thanh district has focused on leading, directing and effectively implementing ethnic minority programs, projects and policies, contributing to improving the material and spiritual life of ethnic minority people in the district.
hedgehog,
Directors of provincial departments,
at the.
There's no hunting in the village anymore.
Particularly, to well carry out the work of education, hunger elimination and poverty alleviation in ethnic minority, deep-lying, remote, sea and island areas.
It is recommended to cut branches with narrow branching angles, in order to facilitate light penetration easily, giving young plants a balanced canopy.
Let me plow the fields for you.
On the basis of the achieved results, in the coming time, Vinh Thuan commune shall continue to renew the contents and methods of propagating policies on population and family planning to the people.
Male butterflies are usually smaller than female butterflies and have a lighter color. Butterflies lay eggs in rows evenly arranged around the underside of the leaf. Eggs are oval in shape. Young worms eat leaves that are barely stalked. The worms usually live in groups on the underside of the leaf.
Heads of agencies and units control work more conveniently. The coordination of work between departments is fast and accurate. 
Current status of fishery infrastructure: 
In fact, in the condition of natural aquatic resources being exploited more and more empty, the development of aquaculture in Vinh Thanh district is becoming a commodity production with long-term strategic direction to help the fisheries of Vinh Thanh district develop stably and sustainably.
plants,
drops (water) 
sniffing,
Through the contest, in order to help students demonstrate their skills, techniques and knowledge of traditional professions, thereby having a sense of preserving and promoting the cultural traditions of their nation;
In response to the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city" in 2019, the whole district had 9,467/9,467 households registered for cultured families; 59/59 residential areas registered to build cultural residential areas, achieving 100%.
With the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has formulated and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas in association with hunger eradication and poverty alleviation with the motto "Focusing on mobilizing resources for socio-economic development, especially investment in socio-economic infrastructure development in mountainous areas".
unlucky
Pursuant to the Circular No. 17/2018/TT-BNNPTNT dated October 31,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
- The Party's undertakings and lines, the State's policies and laws as well as basic knowledge about the recruitment branch or domain;
Uncle, did you buy this banana? It's delicious.
The scheme on investment in construction, upgrading and repair of agricultural and rural development works in Binh Dinh province during 2021 - 2025 serves as a basis for inclusion in the province's socio - economic development plan during 2021 - 2025.
To coordinate with the Department of Finance in directing and guiding the non-collection of fees for authentication of property mortgage contracts of individuals and households borrowing loans from credit institutions for agricultural and rural development under Clause 4, Article 9 of Decree No. 55/2015/ND-CP.
At the same time, creating a strong change in awareness in building prosperous, progressive and happy families; preventing and fighting domestic violence; eradicating backward customs and practices in residential communities, actively contributing to the movement to build cultured families, cultured villages and communes up to new rural culture standards.
Decision No. 36/2018/QD-UBND dated July 20,2018 of the provincial People's Committee on promulgating a number of preferential policies and investment supports for construction of rural clean water supply works in the province;
In the first 2 months of 2020, the police of Vinh Thanh district organized 2 shifts with 8 turns of officers and soldiers to patrol, reorganize and improve the effectiveness of the state management of security and order, especially the management of weapons, explosives, supporting tools, residence management, management of business establishments with conditions for order and security, services prone to crime pawnshops, karaoke, motels.
Just hide.
In Vinh Thanh district, the situation of drowning in the district still takes place and almost every year people die from drowning, especially children.
In order to have more resources for the prevention and control of Covid-19, in the coming time, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district continues to call on agencies, units, enterprises and donors to continue supporting and joining hands with the locality in preventing and repelling the Covid-19 epidemic, protecting the health of people in the area.
Local budget capital: 
Leaders of the district Party Committee, the People's Council and the People's Committee offered incense and laid wreaths to visit the graves of heroic martyrs at the Martyrs Cemetery on the occasion of the 72nd anniversary of the Day of War Invalids and Martyrs.
kid girl
forging (knife) 
Promptly fight, prevent and repel acts of lending at high interest rates, purchasing goods at high interest rates, collecting rental debts... in farmers' members.
In addition, the commune also coordinates with specialized agencies to organize 12 nights of patrol and forest product control on routes K3, K1, Lake B, K8, Suoi Cat.
In Vinh Thanh district, 20 investigators will be mobilized to investigate 750 households in 25 areas of 8/9 communes and townships in the district.
To request the heads of the provincial/municipal services, departments, branches, socio-political organizations and mass organizations to :
The field house is also a place for plowing, harrowing, and burrowing.
The congress of the grassroots branch shall not exceed 1 day and the congress of the grassroots party committee shall not exceed 2 days, starting from April 2020 and completing before June 30, 2020.
In addition, associations have trusted the district social policy bank with over VND 14 billion for 334 loans for economic development; support training and transfer of science and technology of cultivation and husbandry for farmers, on average every year open 5-10 training classes, attracting more than 400 participants; organize the implementation of models such as large-scale field models, corn, pumpkin and chili planting models.
In order to prevent the above situation, the Chairman of district People's Committee has directed the functional agencies and People's Committees of communes and towns to strengthen the inspection and control of the transportation and trading of cattle and poultry to timely handle the violations as prescribed; Propagate and mobilize people not to participate in the trading and use of cattle and poultry products that do not ensure the quality, and detect and denounce to the local authorities the cases of transportation and trading of cattle and poultry with signs of epidemic for timely handling.
Showcases
Step 2: Establish high-quality beef and beef brands in Binh Dinh province.
Pursuant to the Law on Fisheries dated November 21, 2017;
Under the national education system and the policy on exemption, reduction and support of learning costs from the academic year 2015 - 2016 to the academic year 2020 - 2021;
brothers and sisters
Organize the vaccination in phase I/2020 according to Plan No. 02/KH-SNN dated January 10, 2020 of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.
To properly carry out production planning and solidify the system of transport, irrigation and internal canals.
In which, the provincial Vietnamese Fatherland Front shall support 8 houses; the district Vietnamese Fatherland Front shall support 2 houses; the Central Socialist Bank shall support 1 house; the total house construction support amount is VND 450 million.
Collected garbage is treated by burning, or gathered in convenient areas for transportation to other places for destruction, many families have initially built habits and awareness of environmental sanitation in the community.
schoolgirl,
exercises,
Article 3. The Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Council, committees of the Provincial People's Council and delegates of the Provincial People's Council shall inspect and supervise the implementation of this Resolution.
Printing and issuing invitations according to the approved invitation lists;
Drafting the invitation letter to the festival (Vietnamese and English), sending the invitation letter on the content of the festival to countries around the world to register for participation.
Bones
Heater
Mrs. Dinh Thi Ap - Kon Blo Village, Vinh Son Commune, one of the Bana ethnic households here directly participated in the model shared: "The previous crop was very damaged rice.
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of People's Councils and People's Committees dated November 26, 2003;
if,
wins,
To implement commitments on safe food production for small-scale pig farming households.
Having foreign languages of level A or higher (one of five languages: English, French, Russian, Chinese, German);
People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall direct the handling of acts of encroaching upon dike surfaces, dike roofs, protection corridors and river beds, which threaten to affect dike safety and flood drainage capacity before August 31, 2020.
Thus, the program has been implemented quite synchronously, rhythmically and closely, thus changing and transforming awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of the poor, effectively receiving and using policies and support resources of the State and the community to escape poverty and rise up.
The settlement and handling of denunciations and reports on crimes received 17 pieces of information, settled 16/17 pieces of information, reaching a rate of 94.11%.
The Director is the head of the Relic Management Board, representing the legal status of the Management Board.
With the achieved results, 1 individual was awarded the Certificate of Merit by the Ministry of Science and Investment; 2 collectives and 2 individuals were awarded the Certificate of Merit by the provincial People's Committee.
Student housing projects to be implemented in the 2009 - 2010 period and projects to be implemented in the 2011 - 2015 period;
To attract investment in the development of renewable energy to meet the electricity demand of Nhon Hoi economic zone.
Binh Dinh newspaper, Binh Dinh Radio and Television Station and mass media agencies shall increase information on the situation of natural disasters and preventive and response measures for administrations at all levels, agencies and communities to know and proactively implement.
Regulations on tuition fees according to the Government's Decree No. 86/2015/ND-CP dated October 02,2015
Time limit for receipt of registration forms for public employee recruitment: 30 days from the date of notification. 
Going out,
Opening at 19h00' on August 7, 2019 and the morning of August 11, 2019 at the Provincial Sports Stadium - Quy Nhon Stadium. 
welding steam
Total area allocated for management is: 13,685.45 ha, of which: forested land area is: 12,436.1 ha, natural forests: 11,262.3 ha; planted forests: 1,173.8 ha; coverage reaches 75.5%.
Thus, the program has been implemented quite synchronously, rhythmically and closely, thus changing and transforming the awareness in poverty reduction, arousing the will to take the initiative and rise up of the poor, effectively receiving and using the policies and support resources of the State and the community to escape poverty and rise to prosperity.
Specific Activities and Tasks
remember,
Over the past 8 years of implementing the Program on support for fast and sustainable poverty reduction under Resolution No. 30a, in general, some positive aspects have been achieved such as:
At Thanh Quang village branch, since developing when learning and following the ideas, morality, Ho Chi Minh style.
Vocational villages create jobs and increase incomes for local people;
With the policy of establishing a professional association, forming a cooperative group to link the production chain and consumption of products, in 2017, Vinh Hao Farmers Association has mobilized members of fish farming here to establish the Cage Fish Farming Association with 15 members participating, so far has increased to 17 members.
To continue maintaining the operation of anti-epidemic mobile teams of the sector, ensuring their readiness to promptly respond to epidemics.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 06/2011/ND-CP of January 14,2011, detailing and guiding a number of articles of the Law on the Elderly;
Scooped
Over the past years, local authorities have actively implemented policies to support ethnic minority people in infrastructure investment, upgrading of roads, irrigation dams, diversification of agricultural and fishery extension forms.
This is a new way, but to achieve high efficiency, people need specific guidance to the disposal of garbage in the tank less harmful to the environment.
the first,
- Provisions on the composition, tasks and powers of the Council for Coordination in Law Dissemination and Education;
In Vinh Kim Commune will also organize sales at 4 points including: Village K6; Village 05 and Kon Tru; Village 03 and DakTra; Village 02.
To date, Vinh Thanh district has amended and issued many documents related to the socio-economic situation.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Social Policy Bank's branch and the heads of the concerned services, departments and branches shall :
To guide localities to handle cases of diseased cattle and epidemics occurring sporadically and locally in accordance with the technical process, resolutely not to spread to a large area.
There's a wooden house.
Article 3. To assign directors of provincial-level Finance Departments to assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with directors of provincial-level Tax Departments and directors of provincial-level Culture, Sports and Tourism Departments in:
At the same time, in alternating years, the Cultural and Sports Day of mountainous ethnic minorities in Binh Dinh province is not organized (on a biannual basis).
(beautiful) than 
Request for recognition of traditional professions, trade villages and traditional trade villages as prescribed in Section II, Part 2 of Circular No. 116/2006/TT-BNN dated December 18,2006 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.
Review process 
What do you want to do in the future?
In the process of building a new countryside, from 2011 to now, in addition to prioritizing capital sources for infrastructure construction, Vinh Thanh district has also implemented many socio-economic development solutions to well implement criteria 10 and 11 on per capita income and reduce the rate of poor households in the district.
In addition to helping people get out of poverty by promoting local internal resources, Party committees, authorities, associations and mass organizations, they are also interested in effectively exploiting the State's support programs and projects.
Housing construction investment projects must be conducted by consultancy organizations independent from capable investors and construction contractors.
Heads of relevant agencies and members named in Article 1 shall implement this Decision from the date of signing.
Through the activities of the Association, farmers' members are equipped with guidelines and policies on development of agriculture, farmers and rural areas, gradually raising awareness of new sciences and technologies, especially biotechnology.
Responsible agency: The Ethnic Minority Committee of Binh Dinh province.
When flowers bloom 50 - 70% spray high-grade foliar fertilizer Breed-DT02 fruiting; High-grade foliar fertilizer Breed-DT02 super Bo against citrus shedding. 
Thanks to the loan, equipped with knowledge, farmers of Vinh Hoa commune have boldly explored and learned new ways of doing business; actively work, produce, boldly put many high-yield and high-quality plant varieties and animals into breeding, cultivation, promoting the restructuring of plants and animals to improve productivity and quality.
Occasionally, they also descend downstream to eat the Cham people.
In the first nine months, the total production value increased by 14% over the same period, the value of agricultural, forestry and fishery production is estimated to reach 74.5% of the plan, up 22% over the same period.
To form and develop agriculture, forestry and fisheries along the line of commodity production in three economic sub-regions suitable to each commune and township.
May comrades-in-arms, sick soldiers and families with meritorious revolutionary services continue to make valuable contributions to the construction of their homeland, and at the same time set a good example for educating their descendants in the revolutionary traditions.
About livestock development 
No, no, no.
Thought,
Unwilling to live in poverty, Uncle Nam boldly borrowed money from the bank to develop livestock.
override
Pigeons
When the depth density is high, use one of the drugs to spray or sprinkle the corn stump. 
invalid
Pruning for unfruited trees: The pruning is carried out right from the time of planting. To get a reasonable shape, it is necessary to follow the following steps 
hairy,
The delegations send pre-registration with the Festival Organizing Committee the number of martial artists, students, performances to participate in the Opening Ceremony, Closing Ceremony, Exchange Program, The essence of International Vietnamese Martial Arts... 
Products of households ensure safe vegetable standards and are strongly consumed on the market inside and outside the district.
Yes, it is.
The Advisory Board of the Children's Council shall be set up under the decision of the provincial/municipal Standing Committee.
To advise provincial - level People's Committee presidents on approving the Scheme and promulgating an action program for implementation of the Scheme after the Scheme is approved.
No more houses, relatives temporarily shelter in the forest; no more food, relatives live on vegetables, forest tubers, fish under the stream, keep the spirit of staunch Party, follow Uncle to the end in the fight against the West, chase America.
persons,
Article 1. Approving the 2018 action plan for assurance of food safety in agriculture in the province with the following main contents:
The district has established steering committees at all levels; formulated plans and carried out baseline drawings; delimited 96 surveyed areas; made a list of surveyed areas, made a list of households and recruited 50 investigators to ensure the time and regulations.
Left Side
In which, organize a concentrated playground for children in villages, with such activities as: organizing folk games, lion dance, art performances, demolition... combined with praise, visits to give gifts to children of poor households, children with special difficult circumstances.
- The historical strategy of the Communist Party of Vietnam; the line on national construction in the period of transition to socialism; the basic contents of the Statute of the Communist Party of Vietnam; to study and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh and strive to become members of the Communist Party of Vietnam;
The Congress has spent time discussing and adopting the Resolution on objectives, targets, orientations and tasks for the 2020-2025 tenure.
objects,
The congress presented to beloved Uncle Ho and the Party honored the results of the district's children's team and movement in the past 2 school years.
Provincial-level Finance Departments shall take the initiative in allocating adequate and timely funds to the agriculture sector for vaccination and epidemic prevention and control in their localities.
I'll get some straw for the buffalo.
The goal of the district is to develop the raising of high-quality beef cows in a sustainable manner, creating goods value and increasing income for farmers.
Huynh Duc Bao, Vice Chairman of Vinh Thanh District People's Committee, said: "In general, the initial operation of one-stop software shows many practical benefits.
From the loans have created conditions for many farmers to invest in production development, improve income and stabilize life.
After the implementation, the model has changed the awareness, daily habits, habits in agricultural production and in the implementation of environmental protection of farmers' members, which are highly appreciated by the Party Committees and local authorities and considered as a highlight in the implementation of the movement "Farmers join hands to build a new countryside".
From the beginning of this year, 100% of communes and towns simultaneously launched the movement “All people protect the public safety" with more than 2,000 participants; district police have compiled and distributed documents to propagate and educate law, coordinate with local police to advise Party Committees and commune People's Committees to direct mass organizations to organize propaganda in 59/59 villages.
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Director of the Service of Culture and Sports
Achieving the above results, thanks to the timely leadership and direction of the superior Peasants' Association, the direct leadership of the Party Committee, the timely support of the authorities at all levels, the coordination of branches and associations.
Department of Home Affairs, Department of Education and Training, Department of Natural Resources and Environment, Department of Construction and relevant social organizations.
To effectively implement the contents of the action plan on assurance of food safety in the agricultural sector in 2020 in Binh Dinh province.
Provincial-level Health Departments shall direct and inspect hospitals and health establishments in taking safety measures in case of natural disasters.
Planning livestock breeding areas, associated with the creation of feed zones for cattle.
Article 11. Funding for operation of the Council
They climbed up the fallen tree, smelled the rot, looked down and saw a man lying down.
museums 
Born and raised in Ta Lét village, Vinh Hiep commune, Ms. Dinh Thi Mai A understands all the difficulties of the war years and changes in Bana's life here.
Article 3. Implementation duration
not good,
He used to go to the army with me.
In 2015, the proportion of hybrid cows accounted for 78.5% of the total herd; the proportion of high-quality beef cows in 2016 accounted for 5.9% of the total herd of hybrid cows.
According to Decree No. 86/2015 / ND-CP of the Government and Decision No. 55/2015 / QD-UBND of the provincial People's Committee and Decision No. 55/2015 / QD-UBND of the provincial People's Committee 
Regarding the tasks in the coming time, Vinh Kim commune focuses on enhancing the diversification of movements, propagating the contents of building a new countryside for the people to understand and respond to, improve the achieved targets, advise the superior functional branches to have support to bring efficiency to agricultural production; invest in building models of agricultural production in order to transfer scientific advances to the people; solve the output for agricultural products in the locality, contributing to raising incomes for the people.
the other day,
stepmother,
The cultural and social fields have seen many positive changes, social security is paid attention to ensure; political security is maintained, social order and safety is stable.
Requirements
Therefore, the management and protection of forests in the district has always been determined as the central task and the responsibility of the district Rangership Service and forest owners.
Thanks to the diversification of economic models, the rate of poor households in Vinh Thuan is decreasing.
You know for sure?
TECHNOLOGY
So how many are all of them?
Don't be afraid, speak up. People will help you.
On the morning of October 1, at the Children's Activities Center, Vinh Thanh District People's Committee held the Opening Ceremony of the Lifelong Learning Week 2019 with the theme "Lifelong learning - Smart learning to become good citizens, build happy families, civilized society".
At the request of the Director of Department of Home Affairs in the Statement No. 363/TTr-SNV dated June 19,2019,
The Law on Children in 2016;
In 2003, after demobilization, he returned to his hometown, he explored 4 hectares next to Ha Ron stream near his home to develop cashew cultivation, lemon cultivation combined with animal husbandry.
On the morning of February 26, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh township summarized the performance of the tasks in 2019 and the implementation of the tasks in 2020.
resting up
With the spirit of dare to think, dare to do, Party member Dinh Thi A Ngat in village 2, Vinh Thuan commune is not only a pioneer in changing the crop structure but also a person who has enriched on the arid land of his homeland.
To promptly and properly provide benefits to policy beneficiaries, especially policy beneficiaries and pupils of semi-boarding general education schools for ethnic minority pupils.
Verification report No. 16/BCTT-KTNS dated July 02,2019 of the Department of Economy and Budget of the People's Council of the province;
Chopping? Chopping with what?
The elderly aged 100 years shall be wished longevity by the President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam and presented with gifts of 5 meters of silk fabric and 700, 000 VND in cash.
The Border Guard Command shall direct border guard posts and stations to closely inspect and control fishing vessels and vessels returning to ports, especially vessels engaged in fishing or providing fishing services in remote sea areas under Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg.
Along with that, the District Union also actively coordinates with the functional sectors to implement training courses on transfer of science and technology on breeding and cultivation.
In particular, in 2009, 2013, 2016, 2017, the occurrence of storms, the occurrence of large floods equivalent to historical floods and late floods in 2018, has caused heavy damage to infrastructure, it takes a lot of money and effort to restore..
CHAPTER III
In the past two school years, the work of the district's children's team and movement has seen many positive changes.
Attending the meeting of voters in the district was Mr. Le Van Dau - Chairman of the district People's Committee, together with leaders of the district's departments and branches and voters of Vinh Hoa commune.
wrestling,
In the form of ordering specific practical problems to be solved 
Pursuant to the Law on State Budget No. 01/2002/QH11 dated December 16,2002;
She bought him blue pants and a yellow shirt.
The movement has had a positive impact on economic and socio-cultural development as the tradition of solidarity and national ethics are promoted to become internal resources to help each other "Hunger eradication and poverty reduction", "Gratitude reciprocation".
Prepare the conditions, facilities and equipment for the exam in accordance with current regulations of law.
The results achieved so far are due to the consensus of the people in the commune, the creativity in the extensive propagation of benefits for the people from the NTM program brought.
The management and protection of forests in the locality faced many difficulties.
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Justice;
(See the enclosed Appendix for details) 
Responsibility to implement biosafety measures, vaccination against FMD for pork pigs and cholera vaccine for swine; cleansing and disinfection of breeding facilities.
Compilation of contents of professional exam subject of clerical intermediate level. 
At the request of the Department of Tourism in the Statement No. 253/TTr-SDL dated May 15,2017,
squirrel
according to.
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously and promptly implemented the Government's programs and policies on ethnic minorities.
Opinions discussed by delegates of the People's Council at the meeting. 
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the directors of the provincial / municipal Services and branches, the presidents of the People's Committees of the districts, provincial towns and cities and the heads of the concerned units shall have to implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
At the same time, the development of new party members is interested, from the beginning of the term to date has admitted 37 new party members, bringing the total number of party members of the Party Committee to 221 comrades.
In 2019, the Party Committee of the commune-level town shall focus on leading and directing the implementation of objectives and tasks in an effective manner. To be specific:
On June 15, Mr. Dinh Drin had a meeting with voters of Vinh Thanh town. 
Pull it together,
In consideration of the Proposal No. 40/TTr-UBND dated June 19,2018 of the People's Committee of the province,
Up to now, 100% of village roads and alleys have been concreted; 100% of households have access to clean and hygienic water; 100% of households have access to bright electricity and audio-visual equipment, the people's life has been significantly improved and there are no hungry households.
Verification Report No. 37/BCTT-KT&NS dated December 07, 2015 of the Economic and Budgetary Board of the Provincial People's Council and opinions discussed by delegates of the Provincial People's Council at the session 
always,
Pursuant to the Law on State budget dated June 25, 2015;
to the year,
Department of Planning and Investment
Mrs. Tran Anh Tuyet - Deputy Director of Department of Industry and Trade;
ribs,
After the political consideration and approval, the district Military Service Councils shall coordinate with the concerned departments, branches and mass organizations in consolidating the dossiers, organizing the medical examinations and issuing orders to call for recruitment examinations.
Attending the meeting were Mr. Bui Tan Thanh, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee, and leaders of the district departments and branches.
From the investment interests of the State together with the efforts of the Party and people, the rural and mountainous face of Vinh Thanh district today has many prosperities, transport infrastructure, electricity, communications and public works are invested in construction.
(birds) singing 
Investors wishing to invest in the construction of projects on dormitories for students shall register with provincial - level People's Committees in order to enjoy the following investment incentives:
The Scheme shall be implemented from 2017 to 2020 and from 2021 to 2025.
summer (home) 
how much money,
Suitable soil moisture for corn is 70-80%. When the soil is dry if it does not rain, the corn must be watered. 
On construction investment funds and capital sources:
Organize communication activities 
Talking to us about the change of her hometown, the eyes of Mai A, the people in Ta Lét village, Vinh Hiep Commune sparkle joy: "The war years were hard, every home lacked food and clothing.
Provincial-level Construction Departments shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with related departments and sectors and People's Committees of districts, towns and cities in, planning the resettlement of people in natural disaster-hit areas.
Public secondary schools operate under the financial autonomy mechanism.
The Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune currently has 376 female members, of which ethnic minority members account for 41%.
To ensure the effective implementation of teaching plans, proactive and active in Covid-19 prevention and control
Request units to dismantle public roads serving sand mining and level sand mining areas to avoid affecting river flows before August 31, 2020.
In the coming time, the Women's Union of Vinh Kim commune shall direct the grassroots chapters to determine, in order to be successful, first of all, to effectively propagate, attract listeners, so that women understand the purpose and important significance of learning and follow the example of Uncle
In addition to preparing adequate supplies and means on the spot for the performance of rescue tasks, localities and Dinh Binh Irrigation Enterprise should take the initiative in arranging human resources and establishing shock forces to respond to, handle and remedy consequences in time in case of big storms and floods in order to ensure safety for works and at the same time ensure safety, life and property of people in the affected areas.
Sampling for monitoring and warning of banned antibiotic residues and toxic substances in agricultural, forestry and fishery products in the province... 
mimic,
In order to proactively prevent and control dengue fever in the district, the district health center has also organized campaigns to kill larvae and larvae in the localities.
to come,
find a way to,
In cases where there are two or more persons with equal lower recruitment results, the presidents of the provincial People's Committees shall decide on the recruitment winners according to the provisions at Point b, Clause 3, Section IV.
To manage and protect 116.28 hectares of planted forests invested by the State (including 29 hectares of Tra Xom hydropower plant, 31.8 hectares of Kenlut Ha hydropower plant and 54.4 hectares of Jica2 forest).
drunk (alcohol) 
shrimps
(beautiful) very.
hurrying,
The Party Committee will be clean and strong throughout its tenure. To strive for the targets set in the national set of criteria on building a new countryside by 2025.
In order to help people improve their quality of life, over the years, the Party Committee of Vinh Hao commune has focused on leading, directing, strengthening solutions, effectively implementing the hunger eradication and poverty reduction, improving the quality of life for local people.
It is known that by the end of 2019, Vinh Thuan commune had 205 poor households, accounting for 48.24%, a decrease of 5.08% over the previous year.
Usually in March and April. 
The development of new party members is paid attention to, since the beginning of the term, 47 new party members have been admitted, bringing the total number of Party members of the entire Party to 192 comrades.
Thanks to the good organization of vocational training, each year Vinh Thanh district has solved from 600 to 700 new jobs for rural workers.
In the past five years, the Party and the State have invested more than VND 500 billion in implementing programs, policies and projects for ethnic minority and mountainous areas in Vinh Thanh district.
mounted
Mr. Le Van Dau, deputy secretary of the district-level Party Committee, chairman of the district-level People's Committee, presided over the meeting.
The field of education and health has made positive changes, the quality of teaching and learning at all levels continues to be improved.
Funding and conditions to ensure the implementation of the Plan.
Winter-Spring crop 2019-2020 in Vinh Hiep commune put into sowing 139.5 hectares of rice and 105 hectares of shallow crops
With the goal of gradually improving the quality of medical examination and treatment and people's primary health care
This year it's in season.
Clean the garden, cut off diseased branches, leaves, flowers to bury or burn to reduce the source of disease. Regularly kill weeds.
Do you have a farm?
Issued together with the Decision No. 123/2006/QD-UBND dated November 14,2006 of the provincial People's Committee.
sunrise,
Silvery
Vinh Thanh district actively implements the plan for natural disaster prevention and control and search and rescue in 2019
The activities of the Party Central Committee, socio-political organizations and mass organizations have been increasingly renewed in their organization and operation, stepping up patriotic emulation movements in the localities.
Loans granted to poor households, near-poor households, disadvantaged students, job creation, clean water and environmental sanitation in rural areas, etc. and other beneficiaries of incentive policies
Finish the first time: When the corn takes root, the star anise (from 3-5 days after putting the gourd into the field) 
Cover with plastic tarpaulin for 10 days, then unload the tarpaulin and mix well before sowing; build the nursery in a dry and well- drained place; ensure the appropriate density of sowing; use disease-free irrigation water.
posing 
In the coming time, the district War Veterans Association shall continue stepping up the implementation of the "Model War Veterans" movements in association with the local political tasks in order to strengthen and consolidate the great national unity bloc, firmly maintain defense and security, and serve as a reliable basis for the Party Committees, administrations and people in the work of building and developing the homeland.
shameful,
Organize the implementation of the tasks of ensuring combat readiness, maintaining political security, social order and safety, protecting absolute safety on holidays and New Year; important events such as the Party Congress at all levels, tenure 2020-2025
ensuring national defense and security
buried 
The province shall invest all funds for the construction of the project.
a young man,
People's Committees of Tay Son, Tuy Phuoc districts and An Nhon town: 
On average, Vinh Thanh district has reduced the number of poor households by 6% annually.
Families of these beneficiaries are not required to contribute funds.
Mr. Man Dang My, Deputy Head of Preschool and Primary Education Division, Department of Education and Training.
To direct concerned units to take the initiative in arranging places for connection of power sources and standby generators for the festival organizers to assemble material foundations and equipment for the festival at Nguyen Tat Thanh Square.
Especially through national target programs and ethnic minority policies, essential infrastructure in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas are interested in investment.
To supplement the planning on development of wind and solar power in inefficient production areas to attract investment.
100% of people and vehicles passing through the checkpoint are stopped and performed medical checks such as temperature measurement and medical declaration.
2009: Preparation and implementation
Since then, it has been called the Humber Rock.
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 91/2006/ND-CP dated September 06,2006;
Directive No. 1152/CT-BNN-TY dated 17/02/2020 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on intensive and synchronous implementation of solutions for prevention and control of cattle and poultry diseases;
Participating in the festival, Vinh Thanh district has 2 delegations participating: the delegation of Vinh Son commune and the delegation of Vinh Thanh ethnic minority boarding high school and high school.
Mainly raising fishes that are strongly consumed by the market such as: persimmon, carp, sesame, bamboo shoots, catfish, snakehead fish... the output reaches about 700 tons / year, income after deducting the average cost of 60 - 80 million VND per raft.
Therefore, production results are not high, relatives' life is always difficult.
I'll help you tear it apart.
Check the pumping of water into pigs and cows at slaughterhouses.
On this occasion, we would like to introduce an article on the changes in the lives of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district.
Tilt
rabbits,
Outside, he could hear the two young ladies laughing happily together.
Schools have organized chemical spraying Cloramin B the whole work area, classrooms, school yard
Directors of the Departments of: Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs, Education and Training, Health, Culture and Sports, Information and Communications, Finance 
From the beginning of this year, the associations in Vinh Thuan commune also promoted the propagation, mobilization and stand for trust for members to borrow preferential loans from the Social Policy Bank of the district, to invest in livestock production and cultivation.
Agricultural products: Processing of agricultural products; consumption of agricultural products.
At the hamlets, historical and cultural relics and tourist sites of the province (concentrated in Tay Son, Tuy Phuoc districts and An Nhon town).
Let's go slowly.
To accelerate the transformation of provincial seedling centers into enterprises.
Through 10 years of implementing the national target program on building a new countryside, the rural aspect of Vinh Kim commune has seen positive changes, essential infrastructure, landscape and environment have been significantly improved as well as the material and spiritual life of rural people has been increasingly improved, contributing to creating a driving force for the local socio-economic development.
Elderly people aged over 100 years are entitled to gifts of VND 500,000 in kind and VND 1,000,000 in cash.
Thereby, contributing to the successful implementation of the task of socio-economic development, maintaining political security in the locality in 2019.
On February 11, the area of Vinh Thanh District Political Training Center - where the military day took place, flung flags, banners, slogans; bustling loudspeakers and streams of people from everywhere poured in.
If the school year's time plan is adjusted by a competent authority,
Coconut
hello,
To guide organizations and individuals in taking specimens for testing under QCVN 01-83: 2011/BNNPTNT.
Implementing the Decision No. 233/QD-UBND dated 20/01/2020 of the provincial People's Committee on the Plan of Action to implement the Government's Resolution No. 76/NQ-CP dated 18/6/2018 on natural disaster prevention and control.
Soil preparation: Soil suitable for planting on the ground legs of light meat, sandy soil mixed and well drained. Sesame seeds are very small, so they must be thoroughly soil, if not thoroughly soil seeds will be buried difficult to germinate.
Many new movements and campaigns have created practical social effects such as: "Vietnamese children emulation follows 5 things Uncle Ho taught", "Good deeds", "Tran Quoc Toan"... contributing to traditional education, ethics, personality and lifestyle for members, teenagers and children, deserve to be good children, good team members, good grandchildren of Uncle Ho.
Many reservoirs are invested and built by agricultural cooperatives in the form of joint investment by the State and the people and supported by the people.
From here to Hanoi is a thousand and two hundred kilometers long.
With many positive activities in implementing the "5 no, 3 clean" model, the Women's Union of Vinh Hao commune has obtained many exciting results.
- What's that?
At the same time, instruct people to take advantage of available materials to repair barns, shelters, wind blankets, ensuring buffaloes and cows warm enough;
Be careful not to cut yourself!
In addition, the grassroots women's union also coordinates with local authorities to continue implementing the project of 5 million mothers raising good children; the project of propagating and educating the ethical qualities of Vietnamese women in the period of accelerating the country's industrialization and modernization; the project of supporting women to start up.
To assume the prime responsibility for directing and guiding the performance of the Program's tasks on scientific and technological development of varieties and breeds.
How long will it take?
Waiting for...
Receiving registration forms for recruitment
Nguyen Tuyen So, a small trader in Vinh Thanh town, is a small trader,
Exploitation and aquaculture
In order to take the initiative in epidemic prevention and control in the district of Le Van Dau, Chairman of the district People's Committee - Head of the BCD requested functional agencies, units and sectors to continue to strengthen propaganda to orient and help people know how to prevent the epidemic.
In furtherance of the Politburo's Directive No. 05 on stepping up "learning and following Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style", the Party Committee of Vinh Hiep commune shall include the contents of Directive No. 05 in regular activities of its branches and mass organizations.
whipped 
Along with that, the Commune Veterans Association has organized a thorough study of the Party's directives and resolutions, especially the Politburo's Resolution No. 09 on "Strengthening the Party's leadership with CCB work in the new revolutionary period"
Yes, I am.
shedding 
Credit sources to support organizations, individuals and enterprises in implementing investment projects under the Government's Decree No. 210/2013/ND-CP of December 19,2013, and Decree No. 41/2010/ND-CP of April 12,2010.
However, for areas at risk of water shortage, the locality can direct sowing 5 to 10 days earlier.
this month,
In which, it is prominent to mobilize people to emulation for economic development, hunger eradication and poverty alleviation.
In the morning of November 19, in Quy Nhon City, Mr. Pham Hong Cuu, Director of Dai Phuc House Construction and Trading Company, Ho Chi Minh City and the Provincial School District Association organized to award 326 scholarships and 15 solar lights to students in Vinh Thanh, Tay Son, Phu Cat, An Nhon, Tuy Phuoc and Quy Nhon City, in which Vinh Thanh district has 52 students received scholarships.
good,
The propagation of the Law on Military Servicemen in some localities has not been extensive, the finalization of the capacity of citizens in the enlistment age in some localities has not been closely carried out; there are still cases of citizens violating the Law on Military Service on evading orders to call up for health examination.
Pupils and students go to visit, study and organize study at Quang Trung Museum (with a letter of introduction of the school).
The movement "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas" is paid attention to achieve high results; cultural institutions are built, cultural, artistic and sports activities take place lively.
Listen to the report on the results of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and a civilized city" in 2019 and orientations and tasks in 2020, and solutions to improve the quality of the campaign in residential areas. 
In the past tenure, the work of the Association and the youth movement in the district has achieved important results, contributing to the common achievements of the locality.
Enclosures
To direct the intensified inspection and review of violations of the law on dikes in their localities.
The entrusted activities of associations at all levels, savings and loan groups have operated stably and effectively, being a bridge for poor households and other policy beneficiaries to access capital sources for economic development, job creation and life improvement.
To organize the reception of delegates and domestic and foreign delegations to Binh Dinh, carry out procedures for registration for participation in the festival, organize meetings and disseminate the program.
hairs,
United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child;
Activities and jobs must derive from the actual needs and aspirations of ethnic minority people at the grassroots level.
To invest in building permanent preschools and primary schools in communes meeting with exceptional difficulties, transversal beaches and islands during 2017 - 2020 in Binh Dinh province.
squirrel
Through the campaign has created a change in the awareness and actions of officials and people in the village.
Article 4. Relocation assistance
source (water) 
Over the years, K8 Village, Vinh Son Commune has always focused on promoting the fine cultural traditions of Bana Kriem ethnic group in the process of campaigning to build a cultured village and cultured families.
Article 1.-To implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
Over the past years, with the attention of the Party and the State, Vinh Thanh district has formulated and directed the effective implementation of the program on socio-economic development in mountainous areas in association with hunger eradication and poverty alleviation with the motto "Focusing on mobilizing resources for socio-economic development, especially investment in socio-economic infrastructure development in mountainous areas."
I'm okay.
getting married
Prepare the inputs of the activities required to achieve the outputs: Develop outlines, survey plans and forms to use;
It is expected that by 2021, the herd of cows in the whole district will be around 16,500, the proportion of cross-bred cows will account for 97% of the total herd, of which high-quality beef cows will account for 6.3%; the output of beef cows produced from cages will reach 2,600 tons/year.
Time and place: From 07/8/2019 to 11/8/2019.
Focus on communication, not organizing festivals at the grassroots
Develop savings habits, increase deposit levels at VBSP of members of SMEs
Effectively exploiting all available potentials of the locality, increasing the value of livestock commodities.
You're a...
(water) flowing 
Publicize at least 01 time on the mass media.
Promoting information and widespread propagation of credit policies for agricultural and rural development under Decree 55/2015 / ND-CP and the guidelines and policies of the Party, the State, the provincial People's Committee and the banking sector.
On February 11, the area of Vinh Thanh District Political Training Center - where the military day took place, flung flags, banners, slogans; bustling loudspeakers and streams of people from everywhere poured in.
Approval of School Milk Program to Improve Nutritional Status
axe,
jackass
nasal cavity
On the afternoon of April 15, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Provincial Party Committee member, Secretary of the District Party Committee and Mr. Dinh Drin, Standing Deputy Secretary of the District Party Committee visited, presented gifts and encouraged forces at the Inter-sectoral COVID-19 Prevention and Control Checkpoint in Go Lei.
So Yôl took good care of the buffalo.
On the morning of May 12, the Party Committee of Vinh Hiep commune held the 19th Congress for the 2020-2025 tenure. Attending the Congress were Dinh Yang King, Head of the Provincial Ethnic Affairs Committee, Deputies of the Provincial People's Council, Ho Xuan Anh, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, Le Van Dau, Chairman of the District People's Committee, members of the organizing committee of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee, and 140/221 members of the entire Party Committee.
Over the past time, farmer associations at all levels in the districts have continued to effectively implement the movement of farmers participating in building a new countryside, Association officials participating in the Steering Committees, farmers' members contributing opinions to the planning, schemes and supervision of programs and projects to build a new countryside in the locality.
Livestock waste ejected into sewers
It hurts.
Characteristics and symptoms of harm: There are 2 species of harmful stem borers on cashew trees. Adult worms are beetles, family Cerambicidae, Coleoptera about 25-40 mm long, with two head whiskers consisting of 10 segments. The head whiskers have a large root, the head of each segment is black. 
The district has established steering committees at all levels; formulated plans and carried out baseline drawings; delimited 96 surveyed areas; made a list of surveyed areas, made a list of households and recruited 50 investigators to ensure the time and regulations.
From February to March 2019: 
In furtherance of Decision No. 722 dated 26.6.2018 of the Prime Minister and Plan No. 03 of the Provincial Steering Committee for Population and Housing Census on the organization of the 2019 Census, Vinh Thanh district has implemented and participated in with high spirit and responsibility.
On this occasion, the District Party Committee has also implemented Resolution No. 52-NQ/TW, dated September 27, 2012 on a number of guidelines and policies to actively participate in the fourth industrial revolution and guideline No. 07-HD/UBKTTW on inspection and supervision to serve the Party congresses at all levels to raise awareness of the role and responsibilities of Party committees at all levels, authorities, cadres, party members and people of all strata in actively participating in the fourth industrial revolution and inspection and supervision to well serve the Party congresses at all levels, tenure 2020 – 2025.
Refrigeration
To promulgate a number of mechanisms and policies on development of dwelling houses for lease to students of universities, colleges, professional secondary schools and vocational schools;
The movement "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas" is paid attention to achieve high results; cultural institutions are built, cultural, artistic and sports activities take place lively.
idle
Phosphate fertilizer is noticed in the first year to help in the development of the roots. When the plant is young to avoid root erosion, burning or death, when fertilizing, it should be spread evenly on the surface 25-30cm away from the root, use a hoe to dig and fill in the fertilizer. 
Through the time of learning and following Uncle, most cadres, Party members, civil servants, public employees and people in the commune have a positive change in perception and action, have the spirit of striving in "learning" and "following" Uncle's example, by specific jobs and according to the assigned responsibilities and tasks.
However, mountainous communes are particularly difficult, so the process of implementing the national target program to build a new countryside in Vinh Kim commune also faced many difficulties.
On the afternoon of December 24, the People's Agitation Board of Vinh Thanh district Party Committee held a conference to summarize the work of People's Agitation in 2019, implementing the orientations and tasks in 2020.
After 15 years of resettlement on new land, the life of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thuan highland commune (Vinh Thanh district) has seen many innovations. In that change, along with the attention of the Party and the State, there are also significant contributions of Party members, leading examples in socio-economic development.
To expand the development of potential complementary tourism products and new tourism products such as community tourism, science tourism, adventure tourism, etc.
fisting,
The preservation and development of Binh Dinh traditional martial arts.
If you are diligent and hardworking, you will get more rice."
If intensive, fertilize 160kg N + 80kg P2O5 + 160kg K2O (about 350kg Urea + 400 Superphosphate + 260kg KCl). If the soil is acidic, add 500 – 700kg lime.
At the places of visit, the district leaders graciously visited, encouraged, wished health, noted and appreciated the efforts and efforts of the managers and teachers of the units in the past year.
Building a high-quality beef cow breeding model associated with growing grass and processing and preserving agricultural byproducts for cow feed
The teaching contents shall comply with the annual training programs and specific guidance of the provincial / municipal Education and Training Services and Culture, Sports and Tourism Services.
In addition, in agricultural production, the association has mobilized farmers to apply environmentally friendly measures such as composting from agricultural waste, green manure plants; safe vegetable production and disease-free breeding; collection of packaging, bottles, bottles of pesticides... along the intra-field canals.
- Regulations on management and use of funds for primary healthcare for the elderly in their places of residence;
He obeyed and did as he was told.
(fish) thrashing 
Determining the importance of the Party Congress at the grassroots level, the Party Committee of Vinh Thanh district has directed the grassroots Party Committees to focus on guiding and directing the Party Committees and Sub-departments to do well the stages from the preparation of personnel to the contents of documents according to the prescribed steps.
Strengthening the socialization of communication activities
To manage, preserve, embellish and restore ranked state - owned historical and cultural relics and scenic places in their provinces according to decentralization and law.
Road 637 Vinh Thanh to Vinh Son has been built since 2002
In the face of the above situation, the district police has coordinated with the police of communes and townships to review and make a list of 21 teenagers who regularly violate traffic order and safety, open special education classes and make written commitments not to relapse into violations, call for deterrence to the subjects who regularly drive motorcycles racing drag, splints causing traffic disorder and safety.
People's Committees of coastal districts and cities shall coordinate with the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development to disseminate support policies under Decision 48/2010/QD-TTg for owners of fishing vessels exploiting seafood in remote areas.
moaning,
Low Breathable
the country,
grandma,
Duration of vaccination against avian influenza: (Phase I: From January 20, 2016 to January 30, 2016 and Phase II: From July 20, 2016 to July 30, 2016).
Pursuant to the Government's Decree No. 84/2007/ND-CP of May 25,2007, additionally providing for the grant of land use right certificates, land recovery, exercise of land use rights, order and procedures for compensation, support and resettlement upon land recovery by the State and settlement of land-related complaints;
For 03 mountainous districts (Vân Canh, An Lão, Vĩnh Thạnh): The provincial budget shall support wages for vaccination against avian influenza, FMD in buffaloes, cows, swine, buffalo pasteurellosis, swine fever;
Wholesale
The Department of Finance shall cooperate with the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in estimating funding for implementation of supportive policies as prescribed in Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg.
Accordingly, in general, the grassroots Party Committees have conducted the congress in accordance with the principles and standards, ensuring the quantity, quality and structure.
Thereby, making an important contribution to the Party's building and restructuring work, focusing on leading and directing the successful performance of socio-economic development tasks in the locality.
Most concerns in the management-BVR work in Vinh Thanh district are that in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim and Vinh Hao communes, there are often professional forest robbers in some neighboring localities to villages in order to entice and collude with local people to illegally exploit, trade in and transport timber.
Many new and typical advanced elements in the youth have been discovered, honored and contributed to creating a beautiful image of the youth class of the new period.
If the seeds are too high in moisture, mold will be damaged during storage. On the other hand, the cashew kernel contains a lot of fat (38-47%) is very damaged, and the color of the cashew will turn from white to yellow, reducing the value of the product.
on the ward
fold fold
On the morning of January 28, the Standing Committee of the district delegation coordinated with the District Study Promotion Association to organize "Meet and praise students with high achievements in the University entrance examination in 2019".
In order to ensure the progress of the project, the Company has mobilized more manpower and equipment for the project to arrive on time.
Policies to support the development of plant varieties in the 2016 - 2020 period in Binh Dinh province
The report presented by Vice Chairman of Bui Tan Thanh District People's Committee at the meeting specifies 
To provide package supports for forest tending, management and protection; to purchase vaccines for animal disease prevention and control;
Live chickens are edible. If chickens die, they must be burned and buried in the ground. Doctors at the infirmary also said: in order to preserve health, people should not drink plain water, should not eat stale food. Sleeping must be covered with mosquito nets. This area is full of mosquitoes that cause malaria. If you are sick, you must go to the infirmary for treatment immediately.
Dry branches disease: This disease usually occurs in the rainy season when the garden has high humidity. Fungi often attack the branches causing drying from the top down.
On 26/01/2018, the provincial People's Committee issued Document No. 479 on the allocation of funds for the measurement, making of cadastral records, land registration and grant of certificates.
The Doctor
At vocational secondary schools, vocational colleges, vocational intermediate schools with demand for housing, proactively propose more new locations and seek more capital sources.
To coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in formulating and adjusting policies to implement the Program in accordance with law.
To consolidate district - and commune - level steering committees for animal epidemic prevention and combat. To assign specific responsibilities to each member standing at the foot of each locality for inspecting, urging and supervising the organization of animal epidemic prevention and combat.
The campaign "All people unite to build a cultural life in residential areas" is promoted, the quality is improved,
Priority principles: Trade villages at risk of dying out or loss of traditional values; trade villages of ethnic minority people;
The selected branch leaves the cut at the 4 - 5 eye position, the cut is 1 - 1.5 cm from the sprout eye. 
The organization of point congresses, especially the experience of directing and organizing point congresses.
What's wrong with Mom?
In the past few years, many households in Vinh Thuan commune have boldly borrowed concessional loans from the Social Policy Bank to invest in afforestation, watermelon cultivation, pumpkin cultivation, green bean cultivation, hybrid cow breeding... with efficiency.
The specific contents of Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style; the historical lessons of the Vietnamese revolution under the Party's leadership on the entire nation's great unity, building a clean and strong Party and political system; the issues raised on the entire nation's great unity, building a clean and strong Party and political system in the current situation; the application of Ho Chi Minh's ideology on the entire nation's great unity as a strategic line of the Vietnamese revolution, a great driving force and resource in the construction and defense of the Fatherland; building a clean and strong Party and political system, promoting the strength of the entire nation's great unity bloc; continuing to improve, concretize and institutionalize the Party's viewpoints and undertakings, the State's policies and laws; a number of specific tasks and solutions.
At present, the living standards of people in communes and villages with special difficulties in the district are basically stable and have developed step by step.
Members: Leaders of People's Committees of districts, towns and cities
The whole district organized to carry out the General survey from April 1.4, to April 16, 2019 to finish the survey in accordance with the plan set out with 9, 277 households interviewed, achieving 100%.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial - level Planning and Investment Departments, Natural Resources and Environment Departments and concerned agencies in, balancing non - business funds for the performance of tasks under this Plan.
Once upon a time, in a village there lived a very rich Bok Ria family.
(chicken) clucking 
The MTTQ Committee and township mass organizations shall continue renewing their operation contents and modes, paying attention to building, consolidating and strengthening their organizations and developing their members.
lecturer
ancestors,
Pull (hand) 
Over the past time, farmer associations at all levels in the districts have continued to effectively implement the movement of farmers participating in building a new countryside, Association officials participating in the Steering Committees, farmers' members contributing opinions to the planning, schemes and supervision of programs and projects to build a new countryside in the locality.
Revenue from tourism will reach around VND 15 trillion by 2025, an average increase of 13.6%/year and around VND 25 trillion by 2030, an average increase of 10.8%/year.
(season) winter 
Voluntary participation in the Children's Council.
Up to now, 347 policy households in Vinh Thanh district have been supported to build new houses and repair houses, of which 142 are ethnic minority households.
worms - in the soil 
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 239/QD-TTg of February 9,2010, promulgating the Scheme on universal preschool education for five-year-old children in the 2010-2015 period;
At the same time, to increase supports for production development and livelihood diversification together with investment in infrastructure in poor communes and villages meeting with exceptional difficulties; to reduce support policies without conditions, increase support policies with conditions and preferential credits for production development, vocational training, employment generation and labor export.
To prevent this situation, Vinh Thanh District Forest Protection Department has proposed a number of solutions to prevent deforestation in the area.
It flows from the high mountains to the plains, and then to the sea.
Article 3. Chief of Office of the People's Committee of the province, Director of the Department of Education and Training
Deer
To mobilize people to preserve and promote the nation's fine cultural values and traditions; the movement for physical training, health care and environmental protection; the movement for building a learning society; the movement for hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, gratitude and support for people in distress and difficulties; the mass movement for national security protection, crime and social evils prevention and combat, etc., bringing many practical results.
To abide by the plan and time for vaccination and proactively prevent and combat epidemics for livestock and poultry.
by 
The cultural and social fields have seen many positive changes, social security is paid attention to ensure; political security is maintained, social order and safety is stable.
Receiving
Mr. Dao Van Hung, Deputy Director of Department of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Green planthoppers: Live planthoppers are concentrated on the underside of the leaves, so it is difficult to detect, plastic injection makes the leaves curl slightly yellow, the edges of the leaves are burned and the high density of planthoppers will burn the leaves, weakened plants do not grow, lose flowers and young fruits.
Three of them.
The former wastelands are now green, the green of noodles, the green of rice, the green of vegetables and the green of raw materials.
We are,
To take responsibility before the presidents of the provincial People's Committees for the vaccination results and the organization of animal epidemic prevention and combating in their respective localities.
belt belt
At the events, the veterans conveyed to the people about the history of formation, fighting and victory of the heroic Vietnam People's Army, the national defense and security news program and the knowledge about the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and laws on socio-economic development, security and defense.
Average food per capita reached 264 kg; average income per capita was 15.3 million VND / year
To seriously implement this Directive and periodically report implementation results to provincial-level People's Committees (through provincial-level Education and Training Departments) for monitoring and direction.
To promulgate a 6 - level framework of reference for foreign languages applicable to Vietnam or certificates of ethnic minority language proficiency for working positions requiring the use of ethnic minority languages;
My parents were over sixty years old.
People in the regions benefit from more secure water from self-flowing water supply works or other domestic water supply projects.
Mr. Dinh Van Lung - Deputy Head of the Provincial Committee for Ethnic Minorities Affairs;
At the same time, to coordinate with agencies and branches in effectively preventing and combating crimes and social evils, ensuring the exercise of legitimate interests of citizens.
Judicial agencies, agencies and organizations with members of district-level councils.
in general
Family Sex
Thanks to her hard work, diligence, application of scientific and technical advances to production, choosing the right direction, in 2019, Ms. A Ngat's family has profited more than 400 million VND.
Students who wish to rent houses shall send written requests with certification or papers proving their eligibility for priority (if any) to house operation management units for consideration and lease.
To direct, inspect and supervise the implementation of the Scheme in their localities according to the approved contents and current provisions of law.
Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung visited and presented gifts to the family of armed forces hero Dinh A Troi and wounded soldier Dinh Thao, living in K4 village, Vinh Son commune.
To organize archaeological activities in historical - cultural relics assigned to them for management and according to law provisions.
grapefruit balls
To notify the guidelines for organizing the 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts in 2019 to communes, wards and townships;
For stem borers: Choose and plant corn varieties resistant to stem borers. Sow in the right season. 
less than.
squirrel
Regarding the criteria, conditions, quantity to be recruited, time limit and place for receipt of recruitment registration cards of the recruitment registration applicants.
At the same time, to properly implement poverty reduction policies such as loan support, vocational training in association with job creation, widespread application of effective poverty reduction models, etc.
Attending the conference Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, TUV, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee; Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of the district People's Committee, Chairman of the district People's Council and leaders of the commune and township People's Committee.
Two Fountains
Caring for and keeping original breeds; purchasing male and female pigs of foreign breeds; costs of producing sex hormone products for spawning fish; supporting investment in national laboratories and quality testing of breeds, etc.
dark,
(round) silver 
With the achieved results, 1 individual was awarded the Certificate of Merit by the Ministry of Science and Investment; 2 collectives and 2 individuals were awarded the Certificate of Merit by the provincial People's Committee.
east,
Just occasionally.
Farmers' Association of Vinh Thuan Commune always focuses on the propagation and mobilization of members to participate in building a new countryside, contributing to creating consensus among the people.
Poor households have been invested and supported with capital and supplies for agricultural production, the life of poor households, especially ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district has been markedly improved.
(See the Appendix to this Decision for details) 
And the Vietnamese who are far from home ensure the actual operation,
In order to accelerate the progress of national targets on building a new countryside, the Party Committee and People's Committee of Vinh Hiep commune have propagated and mobilized people to launch the movement "Join hands to build a new countryside", mobilizing organizations and individuals to donate to the movement to build a new countryside.
Road 637 Vinh Thanh to Vinh Son has been built since 2002
at that time,
Ms. Nguyen Thi Thu Thuy - Vice Chairwoman of the Provincial Women's Union;
Chapter I General provisions
In particular, focusing on promoting the movement "All people participate in national security protection in association with the implementation of the campaign "All people unite to build a new countryside and civilized urban areas; villages without crimes and social evils; and actively mobilizing people to develop economy, eradicate hunger and reduce poverty.
To invest in internal and external transport infrastructure, waterway transport, transport hubs, electricity supply, water supply, water drainage and wastewater treatment works.
Along with the establishment of models, commune women's associations also propagate and mobilize people to strictly comply with regulations on environmental protection, building a cultural lifestyle in residential areas, organize for women to participate in training courses to improve their understanding of the Law on Environmental Protection organized by the district; sign commitments to build "5 no, 3 clean" families, 3 standards of the emulation movement "Women actively study, work creatively, build happy families".
Article 5. Responsibilities of Departments of Agriculture and Rural Development and People's Committees of districts
Fertilizing time
Over the past years, the district Veterans Association has actively promoted learning and following the moral example of Ho Chi Minh by practical and specific actions associated with the emulation movement " exemplary Veterans ", which is widely deployed by the district Veterans Association to all cadres and members of Veterans Association in the whole district.
Awakening
After the implementation, the model has changed the awareness, daily habits, habits in agricultural production and in the implementation of environmental protection of farmers' members, which are highly appreciated by the Party Committees and local authorities and considered as a highlight in the implementation of the movement "Farmers join hands to build a new countryside".
At the same time, all levels, sectors and localities shall invest, integrate and mobilize capital sources to support the construction and renovation of material foundations and procurement of equipment for the system of semi-boarding general education schools.
According to Decision No. 65/2009/QD-TTg dated 24/4/2009 of the Prime Minister.
It's been a while.
During the period from April 1 to 20, 2020, the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of Vinh Thanh district has called for support from agencies, units, enterprises and individuals inside and outside the district to participate in Covid-19 prevention and control in the form of cash support or support for means of prevention and control.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 29/2014/TT-BTNMT dated June 02,2014 of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment;
To bring into full play the quality of the "Cu Ho Army", setting a good example in all activities; over the past time, the associations at all levels in the district have deployed and implemented many solutions to help each other develop economy, reduce poverty quickly and sustainably, contributing to the successful implementation of programs and objectives of local socio-economic development.
elephant ivory
Annually, before December 10, to report on implementation plans and results to provincial-level Culture, Sports and Tourism Departments for summarization and reporting to provincial-level People's Committee presidents and the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
gongs
Currently, the weather is in the transitional period, which is a favorable condition for epidemics to break out
cradle,
Quy Nhon City: 282.010.000 VND 
To guide the implementation of a number of contents of the Government's Decree No. 66/2006/ND-CP of July 7,2006, on development of rural trades,
The roles and positions of families and communities have been enhanced in building a cultural life; village and neighbourhood friendships have been strengthened, civilized lifestyles in weddings, funerals and celebrations have progressed in many places.
The provincial budget shall provide 100% funding support for assay, selection and creation in order to select new plant varieties of high yield and good quality for addition to the province's variety structure.
On authorizing the People's Committee of Quy Nhon city to receive dossiers, process them and notify results of notification of advertisement products in Quy Nhon city (Appendix 01 enclosed herewith).
(rice) mold 
To promulgate the Regulation on management and use of industrial promotion funds in Binh Dinh province, specifically:
Some policies for poor households such as preferential loans, vocational training, employment and labor export are of interest.
Meeting with the Children's Council at meetings with representatives of the provincial People's Council.
It is known that in 2019, implementing the movement of farmers emulation of good production and business, solidarity to help each other get rich and reduce poverty sustainably in the commune, there are 49 households registered and 25 households won the title of good production and business at all levels.
In addition to the achievements, the delegates also discussed and proposed solutions to implement in the coming time such as: Vietnamese Fatherland Front from district to grassroots continues to promote the achievements, actively implement effectively the solutions and tasks set forth in the last months of 2019.
droughts,
Every day, when he came home from school, Mother had finished cooking his rice.
The provincial education and training public employee recruitment councils shall work on the principle of collectives and make decisions by majority.
On the area of rice production for 2 crops, sowing shall be carried out from December 10 to December 20, 2019; for the foot of lowland fields, the water shall be drained to sow soil.
set the trap 
flush,
I'm a...
The leadership capacity of the Party, the effectiveness and efficiency of management and administration activities of Party committees and administrations have been gradually improved.
To assign the Party's grassroots organizations to concentrate on leading the successful performance of socio-economic tasks and ideological orientations, ensuring stability and unity within the Party and consensus among people.
grandma,
Commune Veterinary Medicine has advised the commune People's Committee to direct and guide the villages to organize the implementation of measures to prevent and combat epidemic diseases of cattle and poultry and spray disinfectants to the villages.
This Resolution is ratified by the 11th Provincial People's Council at its 12th meeting on December 25,2015 and comes into force from January 01,2016./.
On the harmful effects of the use of banned substances, borax in the production of fish balls, industrial dyes in the production of fish sauce;
Thus, the socio-economic situation in ethnic minority areas in Vinh Thanh district has seen a marked change.
Thereby contributing to creating seasonal jobs for over 65 rural laborers with an income of VND 200,000/day; providing technical guidance on planting and tending of plants for over 100 households; providing monetary support and agricultural supplies of over VND 230 million for 47 farmer households, contributing to the local Peasant Assistance Fund of VND 2,000,000.
The following article reports on the effectiveness of the hybrid rice production program of ethnic minority people in Vinh Thanh district.
Reporting mode
Mr. Dang Van Ai, Deputy Director of the Department of Transport;
No, I'll be alone for lunch.
The houses were deserted.
In the process of breeding, use aphid sprays periodically 15 – 20 days / time to prevent until planting. 
Clamps
Provincial-level Planning and Investment Departments shall annually advise provincial-level People's Committees on allocating investment capital sources and integrating programs and projects for the Scheme implementation.
To build and step by step improve infrastructure facilities such as seaports, warehouses and storing yards, transport, information and communications and logistics centers to provide logistics services in the province.
Focus on new laws, ordinances and documents passed in 2019 and 2020;
In order to further improve the quality of life of people in the district, in 2020 Vinh Thanh district continues to propose many solutions to implement,
Implementing the campaign to learn and follow the ideology, ethics and style of Ho Chi Minh
Thanks to the loan, equipped with knowledge, farmers of Vinh Hoa commune have boldly explored and learned new ways of doing business; actively work, produce, boldly put many high-yield and high-quality plant varieties and animals into breeding, cultivation, promoting the restructuring of plants and animals to improve productivity and quality.
On June 15 and 16, Vinh Thanh District Health Center cooperated with Vinh Kim Commune Health Station to deploy the campaign for reproductive health and family planning in the first phase of 2020, in Vinh Kim Commune.
On the morning of January 8th, at the Cultural House of Vinh Hoa commune community. Mr. Dinh Yang King, delegates of the Provincial People's Council had a meeting with voters after the 11th session of the XIIth Provincial People's Council.
The scheme shall be implemented in 6 districts inhabited by ethnic minority people, including Van Canh, Vinh Thanh, An Lao, Hoai An, Tay Son and Phu Cat.
Vocational training for rural laborers, especially mountainous laborers, is a major policy of the Party and the State to help people have conditions to eradicate hunger and alleviate poverty, striving to eliminate poverty with their own labor.
On December 16, the police of Vinh Thanh district held a ceremony to open the peak offensive to suppress crimes, ensure public order, protect the Lunar New Year 2020.
Over the past years, local authorities have actively implemented policies to support ethnic minority people in infrastructure investment, upgrading of roads, irrigation dams, diversification of agricultural and fishery extension forms.
The purpose of implementing this model is to gather prestigious people in the village who are devoted to protecting security and order in order to participate in reconciliation and settlement of conflicts and problems within farmers in a timely, lawful and effective manner, firmly maintaining political security and social order, contributing to building a new countryside in the current period.
Implementation Progress
fishing (fish) 
out of,
Regarding the establishment, management and exploitation of law bookcases in Binh Dinh province in association with the implementation of the Scheme on enhancement of information technology application to law enforcement work in the 2019 - 2021 period
the flag,
It is best to combine weeding by hand with spraying: weeding by hand once after planting from 25 to 30 days, after weeding, spraying with a pre-germination herbicide Dual or Antaco with an amount of 1.2 liters / ha. When spraying, avoid the drug from sticking to young noodles. If possible, cover the surface of the field with PE plastic sheet to control weeds.
People's lives are constantly improving
Haven't you seen the farmhouse? The farmhouse is a small house near the field, and when the rice is ripe, we will be there to guard the rice. The farmhouse is also a place for plowing, harrowing, and burying.
In the course of implementing policies, the district People's Committee has focused on directing the assignment of scientific and technical advances, decentralizing the management of policies and the process of urbanization, especially policies on vocational training, students and officials at all levels.
Take part in and propose to the Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism to propose to the provincial People's Committee for promulgation and amendment.
Dry, store in a cool, dry place
Developing tourism programs, sea and island tourism routes
Together with Mr. Ho Xuan Anh, Member of Provincial Party Committee, Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee
Planning a family
After the seedlings sprout, choose new, strong tops to leave, remove all other branches. When the tree is about 70 - 90cm tall, remove the tops. 
How old are you?
squeezed water
Mr....
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 2356/QD-TTg dated December 04,2013;
- Annual, quarterly and monthly working programs and plans and implementation results for monitoring and direction.
Many economic models of farmers' members continue to promote efficiency, bringing income to families
So, uh...
Especially focusing on household economy in 3 directions.
In nature, woodworm spores floating in the air, under favorable conditions will germinate into fibers, ingrained into the wood fibers, after which the woodworm will grow on the outside of the wood. 
Corn is usually produced on land for two rice crops and is one of the main crops in the winter in the province.
The movement of farmers producing and doing good business is deeply developed at all levels of the association.
sweating,
Accordingly, according to the results of the survey of poor households from localities in 2019, the number of poor households in Vinh Thanh district is 3,750 households with 12,841 people, accounting for 37.99%, a decrease of 6.34% compared to 2018.
Twinning activities in the district in recent years continue to consolidate and promote the spirit of national great unity, timely support and help ethnic minority people, especially households with difficult circumstances step by step to stabilize their lives.
Since the project of safe vegetables funded by the New Zealand Government was implemented in Vinh Son, the lives of many people here have improved, with an average household cultivating 500m2 of safe vegetables, earning from 3.5 - 4 million VND / month.
Advantages;
session
I'm not gonna eat you.
Design standards, construction plans and rent rates of student dormitories: 
At the Conference, investigators thoroughly grasped the criteria, subjects, methods and procedures for reviewing poor households and near-poor households in 2019; guided the process of reviewing poor households and near-poor households, guided the method of approaching multidimensional poverty measurement on the prescribed forms; The training conference helped investigators better understand the regulations and procedures for conducting surveys.
In accordance with the law and the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child. 
Design of windbreaks: In general, in areas with strong winds that break branches, causing adverse effects when fruiting trees, it is necessary to set up windbreaks combined with fire ice.
To promptly and properly provide benefits to policy beneficiaries, especially policy beneficiaries and pupils of semi-boarding general education schools for ethnic minority pupils.
Thanks to that attention, the life of Vinh Thanh people, especially in ethnic minority areas has been renewed.
100% of the newly planted areas (tea, rubber, banana), 80 - 90% of the newly planted areas (coffee, cashew), 70 - 80% of the newly planted areas (orange, grapefruit), 40 - 50% of the newly planted areas (pepper, cassava) are used standard varieties;
contraceptive methods 
forest gold sea silver
That's Uncle Cuong. Previously, he went with his father to the army.
Pursuant to the Action Program No. 22-CTr/TU dated July 29,2019 of the Party Executive Committee of Binh Dinh Province on implementation of the Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW dated October 22,2018 of the 12th Party Central Committee on the Strategy for Sustainable Development of Vietnam's Marine Economy by 2030, with a vision toward 2045;
The amount of fertilizer also varies depending on the stage of growth of the plant to supplement accordingly.
Information and reporting mode
Mr. Lam Hai Giang, Deputy Director of the Department of Home Affairs;
The work of forecasting and grasping public opinion is sometimes untimely; the situation of suicide among ethnic minority people still occurs; the concretization of emulation movements is not in depth...
the faucet
On October 29, at the first-instance criminal trial, the People's Court of Binh Dinh province sentenced Mr. Dinh Dinh, 74, in Vinh Kim commune to 4 years in prison for "illegally storing and using military weapons" causing serious consequences. On the civil part, the provincial People's Court forced Mr. Dinh to pay compensation to the victim of nearly VND 126 million.
villages
the crying,
At present, the total herd of buffaloes and cows in the commune has 1,943 heads; of which buffaloes have 649 heads, down 12.29% over the same period; herd of cows 1,294 heads, up 25.26% over the same period; herd of pigs 1,704 heads; poultry 8,177 heads.
Dig a hole, put the baby banana plant in the hole, and cover it with soil.
Pursuant to the Law on Government Organization dated June 19, 2015;
Article 5.-Tasks and powers of the Council's chairman
According to Section II, Part 2 of Circular No. 116/2006/TT-BNN dated December 18,2006 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development,
kelp (banana) 
Encouraging the creation of literature and art to honor the cultural identity of Vietnamese peoples.
Bright moon in the highlands 
secreted into,
948m2 garden land, 581m2 unused land, 31.5m2 graveyard land.
(fish) jumping 
not good,
In the first 6 months of the year, the Vietnamese Fatherland Front at all levels in the districts have continued to renew the contents and methods of operation, diversify the forms of gathering, building and consolidating the great unity of the entire people.
With the attention of the State, Vinh Thanh district has focused on investing resources to build infrastructure works for traffic, irrigation, schools, health stations, markets, community cultural houses, contributing to promoting local socio-economic development.
- Rural areas, including communes of Tuy Phuoc district, Tay Son district, An Nhon district, Phu Cat district, Phu My district, Hoai An district, Hoai Nhon district, An Lao district, Van Canh district and Vinh Thanh district;
Breeding source ensures quality, well adapted to the environment and thrives, diseases are rare.
Advising the Provincial People's Committee on organizing the Launching Ceremony of the Provincial Action Month for Gender Equality and Gender-Based Violence Prevention and Control
the letter,
Some policies for poor households such as preferential loans, vocational training, employment and labor export are of interest.
beautiful,
Provincial People's Committee encourages and supports organizations and individuals to invest in the development of plant varieties under Decision No. 2194/QD-TTg dated December 25,2009 of the Prime Minister.
Washing
The anti-erosion embankment of the banks of the Kôn river is also used as a road on the embankment to serve the people's life and production, contributing to the improvement of the ecological environment along the Kôn river running through the township.
the dam,
To mobilize farmers to donate thousands of square meters of land, tens of millions of dong, thousands of working days, to participate in the dismantlement of fence works, to cut down perennial trees to build infrastructure and cultural institutions.
District-level health centers shall request grassroots health stations to coordinate with primary schools in their localities in surveying the number of children eligible for injection in order to limit overlooked children.
Visiting a number of policy families in the district, the comrades graciously asked for health status, talked with comrades wounded and sick soldiers and wished them good health and longevity to continue to serve as a spiritual fulcrum for the next generation in preserving and promoting revolutionary traditions.
(cat) howling 
After 3 months, fertilize 12-15 days/time. Using Ure and K2SO4 or KCl fertilizer, watering with 0.2% concentration, the amount of fertilizer per plant from 20 - 40g.
Approving the recruitment results and sending notices of recognition of the recruitment results in writing to the recruitment candidates according to their registered addresses.
To coordinate with the provincial/municipal Culture, Sports and Tourism Services in guiding and directing according to branches and professional domains :
Mosquito bugs: Adults are reddish-brown in color, the head is black, the chest is red, the abdomen is white. Females are 8mm long, males are 6mm long. 
There are currently 8 collaborators in the villages.
Lifting
How much for a notebook and a pen?
Supplemental milk consumption
To notify the results of settlement of recommendations of the Children's Councils in the year.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 899/QD-TTg dated June 10,2013 on approval for the Scheme for agricultural restructuring towards value-added improvement and sustainable development;
On that basis, grassroots Party organizations shall formulate and implement solutions to improve learning effectiveness and follow Uncle Ho's example for each cadre and Party member who registers to study and follow the 2020 theme in association with the implementation of the Party's resolutions and regulations and professional tasks to achieve high results.
At the same time, it is recommended that relevant authorities and sectors continue to take better care of policy families and people with meritorious services so that they can lead better and better lives.
Ports
sewing (shirt) 
the country,
Investment project on construction, upgrading and repair of agricultural and rural development works during 2021- 2025 in Binh Dinh province
Wishing longevity, celebrating longevity; giving credit incentives and commending and rewarding elderly people and complying with current law.
To sum up opinions and proposals of the Children's Councils and send them to the standing bodies of the provincial People's Councils, the provincial People's Committees and the concerned services and branches.
ebony 
background (home) 
jungle chick
Children's Council is a group representing children to periodically express opinions, aspirations, exchange and dialogue with the Standing Board of the provincial People's Council.
At the same time, to formulate poverty reduction plans with specific objectives and solutions, focusing on disseminating the purpose, significance and importance of poverty reduction in various forms in order to raise people's awareness about economic development, hunger eradication and poverty reduction.
And set out the upcoming key work to implement the national cultural policy.
- Leaders of the provincial services, departments, branches and mass organizations; delegates of the district Party Committee, township Party Committee, the People's Council, the People's Committee and the Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee of the districts, towns and cities in the province;
Up to now, the offices of district People's Committees and 100% of communes and townships have implemented the "one - stop shop" and "interlinked one - stop shop" mechanisms, which specify the types of work to be handled at the district and commune levels.
Vinh Thuan Commune has also benefited from Resolution 30A, Program 135 of the Government and other national target programs to focus on investment in socio-economic infrastructure construction, facilitate acceleration of economic growth, improve the people's life.
A flock of flying white butterflies.
Destroy
Fertilizing the business period of the grafted cashew garden is calculated from the 4th year onwards. This period usually grows from 1-2 leaf batches / year. 
Estimation of funds for implementation of the scheme
Article 1. Scope of regulation
is the condition that changes the quality of the meat of the fish, which increases the muscle toughness of the meat, making the meat of the carp crispy different from the normal carp meat.
In order to create conditions for people, especially poor households, ethnic minority households to rise in life,
Teams
Transplantation
Pursuant to the Law on Organization of Local Government dated June 19, 2015;
Over the years, Vinh Thanh District Farmers Association has implemented many solutions to help its members and farmers develop the family economy.
Pursuant to the Official Dispatch No. 1735/LDTBXH-BDG dated May 08,2017 of the Ministry of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs on guidelines for the Action Month for Gender Equality and Prevention and Control of Gender-Based Violence in 2017;
ladder
Conduct scenario implementation of programs in the Festival. 
To date, many member households, women and people in the commune have formed the habit of collecting garbage, classifying garbage in accordance with regulations.
the otter
To organize the production and supply of pure breeds to localities, agricultural cooperatives for certified breeding.
numbness in the hands,
In fact, in the condition of natural aquatic resources being exploited more and more empty, the development of aquaculture in Vinh Thanh district is becoming a commodity production with long-term strategic direction to help the fisheries of Vinh Thanh district develop stably and sustainably.
Up to now, 90% of inter-village and inter-commune roads have been asphalted and concreted.
The remaining 400 tons shall be selected by eligible units to sign principle contracts on prompt supply of rice varieties at the request of localities in case of natural disasters.
The two brothers must grow cassava together.
Compensation, site clearance and infrastructure construction (estimated at 15% of construction and installation costs): VND 54, 540 million.
Currently, the Women's Union of Vinh Thanh district has established 17 models of self-governing road sections in 7/9 communes and townships with over 700 members participating and 4 models collected from waste materials.
Recently, the Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control and Search and Rescue of Dinh Binh Reservoir held a meeting to implement the plan to respond to natural disasters in Dinh Binh reservoir in 2019.
(Enclosed with the Decision No. 465/QD-UBND dated February 17,2020 of the People's Committee of Binh Dinh Province)
In which the provincial budget spent 580 million VND, the district spent 134 million VND and mobilized 35 million VND.
To properly prevent and combat corruption, maintain political security and social order and safety in the locality.
The Department of Agriculture and Rural Development shall be responsible to the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee for the adequate and timely supply of vaccines, vaccination instruments and guidance on procedures and techniques for vaccination and treatment of vaccine-reactive cattle and poultry for localities.
At the same time, strengthening the management of capital sources and guiding people to use loans for the right purposes; Coordinating with the district functional branches to organize training courses to improve cultivation and breeding techniques for poor households.
It is known that participating in the course from September 11th to 14th, students are provided with the basic knowledge of topics such as:
Over 90% of agricultural production land areas will have irrigation and drainage systems in service of production; 95% of households will have access to hygienic daily - life water; the average per - capita income will reach over VND 27 million; the rate of poor households will drop to 37.99%.
Secretary: - Mr. Phan Thanh Liem - Specialist of the Department of Education and Training.
Decision on approval of the design and cost estimate of the project: Care and additional planting of indigenous trees for protection forests 
Receiving
baby (chicken) 
At the end of the meeting, Mr. Bui Tan Thanh, Vice Chairman of the district People's Committee explained the opinions and proposals of voters under the jurisdiction of the district.
slightly painful,
"Volunteer for community life" 
The expenditure levels shall comply with the current criteria and norms prescribed by the State and the local budget conditions.
underneath the
Promptly report difficulties to the People's Committee of the province for consideration./. 
At the same time, creating a strong change in awareness in building prosperous, progressive and happy families; preventing and fighting domestic violence; eradicating backward customs and practices in residential communities, actively contributing to the movement to build cultured families, cultured villages and communes up to new rural culture standards.
In the past 10 years (from 2009 to 2019), the Standing Committee of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee has regularly led and directed the implementation of Guidance No. 35 of the Central Organizing Committee close to the situation of each unit and locality.
To concurrently coordinate in implementing programs, tasks, schemes and projects under this Plan.
By doing practically, Ms. Dung and the collective Executive Committee of the Commune Farmers Association put the work of the Commune Farmers Association and the movement step by step upwards.
Attending were Mr. Truong Dong Hai, Deputy Director of the provincial Department of Culture and Sports.
graphics 
On specific issues related to children, children's proposals shall be aggregated and sent to the Children's Council for aggregation.
slow down,
Article 4. This Resolution replaces the Resolution No. 20/2013/NQ-HDND dated December 11,2013 of the 11th People's Council of Binh Dinh province at its 7th session.
tree canopy 
With Dinh Van Luong's family in Kon Tolok village, Vinh Thinh commune, the attention of the Party and the State made him really touched.
Because this is a big national problem, especially for an agrarian country, it requires a high level of public awareness, attention to the government's aggressive ransom, large investments, and sufficient deterrence measures.
That result has proved the will, willpower and bravery of the soldiers of Mr. Ho, they are always bright examples for future generations to learn and follow.
rice fields 
Expected state budget supports :
drain,
To contribute to improving the material and spiritual life, minimizing social evils, backward customs and superstitions, promoting traditional values of ethnic minority people; to actively carry out the campaign to build a new countryside and civilized urban centers; to build cultured villages and cultured families.
wipe 
There were four sessions: morning, noon, afternoon, and evening. Did you lose?
Through the project, to help people understand science and technology applied to production practices, contributing to fast and sustainable poverty reduction, creating diverse and abundant clean products to meet demand, market competition, improving the added value of products from the replicated model.
Complete breeding system
To implement the planning on development of agricultural product production and rural infrastructure in the locality.
Adjustable tuition fees
To create jobs for around 11,000 laborers, increase incomes for rural laborers, and gradually reduce the income gap between rural and urban areas.
In order to promote poverty reduction more and more effectively, Party committees, administrations, mass organizations at all levels and people in the whole district shall actively participate in the implementation, creating a change in the awareness and sense of self-improvement of each person, especially poor and near-poor households, to actively explore and learn experience in production and create jobs to escape poverty.
the spade
From time to time I reminded him:
The best way is to water according to the trench, according to the ice to soak overnight and then drain the water. Do not let standing water cause inundation, corn roots will rot, yellowing leaves. 
Pursuant to Circular No. 96/2018/TT-BTC dated October 18,2018 of the Ministry of Finance;
Mosaic disease: A common disease in sesame cultivation, caused by green planthoppers transmitting the virus that causes leaf twist disease. Therefore, attention must be paid to killing the causative agent of the disease is aphids. 
Craft villages are associated with the preservation and development of cultural values through traditional crafts.
Thirst (water) 
The total fishing output will reach 190,000 tons/year, of which offshore fishing output will reach 178,000 tons/year.
cans
To fight and solve specialized cases and cases, to organize the search and arrest of offenders; to organize the theft of property, narcotics, "black credit", lottery, gambling, social evils and drug-related crimes, to prevent negative phenomena and effectively serve the task of combating crimes; to intensify measures to ensure traffic order and safety, prevent and fight fires and explosions; to handle acts of law violation...
By the end of 2019, the district had 3,750 poor households, accounting for 37.99%, down 6.34% compared to the previous year.
grandchildren - children of children 
In addition to improving professional qualifications, the training capacity is also equipped with communication skills, especially with foreigners.
screaming,
grasping (steam) 
wipe tree 
And reflective vests issued to students of schools implementing the project "Baby walking safety" in the academic year 2013 - 2014.
My name is Joel. What's your name?
smoothness,
To supplement a number of articles of the Regulation on conditions, criteria and process for recognition of preschool education universalization for children aged 5 years,
Mobilize forces, vehicles and equipment according to the plan to rescue seafarers and vehicles in distress in the port area.
Kneading
The District Veterans Association has 1, 172 members participating in 59 grassroots associations.
Squirting
The meeting of the Standing Committee of the Children's Council with the Advisory Board
Dinh Ghok, former Party Secretary of Vinh Kim Commune - one of the major contributors to the mobilization of people living in the Dinh Binh lakebed to move to Vinh Hoa.
With a total funding of VND 140,600,000 (One hundred and forty million six hundred thousand dong). 
The Forest Protection Department of the district has established procedures for temporary seizure of 28.3 m3 of timber of all kinds. Handling 36 cases, confiscating 26.9 m3 of timber of all kinds and a number of means of transport and exploitation.
Mr. Tran Ky Quang - Deputy Director of Department of Natural Resources and Environment;
The People's Committees of districts, towns and cities shall implement according to their responsibilities and management scope.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in, balancing and allocating annual and medium - term non - business capital for the Program implementation.
Near dark, sitting in the hut, he heard the roaring of elephants and the cracking of trees nearby.
Article 2. Subjects of application
Especially hunger eradication and poverty alleviation, economic development, education, health and culture.
Regarding the technical requirements of the long-range HF communications machine with built-in satellite positioning device (GPS) for fishermen to procure, install and use.
Article 4. This Decision takes effect 10 days after its signing.
Staff of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee awarded Party badges to 75 Party members; admitted 94 elite masses to the Party.
plump (lip) 
Priority must be given to water sources, ensuring no shortage of daily-life water for people and cattle raising.
The rate of rural people using hygienic water reached 98.3%; 
In furtherance of the district's direction on the implementation of vaccination for cattle and poultry herds in 2020, up to the present time, Vinh Thinh commune has implemented 5, 000 vaccination doses for poultry herds, achieving the rate of about 41% of the plan.
At the proposal of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development of Binh Dinh province and approved by Central Group Vietnam and the Livelihoods for the Community Program, on 21 and 22.11.2019 
A production and business establishment is subject to examination, supervision and inspection by only one agency.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the director of the provincial Agriculture and Rural Development Service and the director of the provincial Public Administrative Service Center;
Natural Resources and Environment, Planning and Investment, Finance, Science and Technology, Culture and Sports, Tourism, Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs 
Reminder
Since then, it has contributed significantly to changing and raising people's awareness, people's life has been gradually improved, especially in ethnic minority areas.
easy to fold
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development: 
Speaking Languages
In the morning, he would drop the buffaloes on the ground near the lake, and go and get wood.
The district protection forest management board has contracted 6 collectives and 184 households in villages in the commune for management and protection with a total funding of over VND 2 billion and 604 million.
The quality of the movement "All people unite to build a cultural life" in the district has been increasingly improved.
The houses are built to meet the standards of hard walls, hard floors and hard roofs, usable area of 24 square meters or more.
the highest mountain.. 
Solution to build a cow market
In the past year, most of the ethnic minority villages in the district were organized by the agencies and administrative units in the province and the district.
With the positive propagation measures of the district health sector, the people's awareness of proactive prevention and control of epidemics in general and malaria in particular is raised, in the coming time, it will contribute to limiting the rate of malaria in the district.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Education and Training in the Statement No. 1917/TTr-SGDDT dated October 02,2019,
Fungal care: Daily spray 2 - 3 times, after 1 week will form atrium, it is necessary to increase the amount of watering to ensure that there is always water dust on the wings of the atrium.
In 2019, the Party Committee of the commune-level town shall focus on leading and directing the implementation of objectives and tasks in an effective manner. To be specific:
On this occasion, Vinh Thanh District Party Committee also spent time to implement the Directive No. 35 dated May 30, 2019 of the Politburo and the Plan to implement the Directive No. 35 of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee on the Party congresses at all levels towards the XIIIth National Congress of the Party.
stagger,
To complete coastal tourist resorts and eco - tourist service points along Thi Nai lagoon and Mai Huong bay;
Conclusion No. 04-KL/TW dated April 19, 2011 of the Central Committee of the Communist Party on the implementation of Directive No. 32-CT/TW;
necklace,
To guide, monitor and promptly propose provincial - level People's Committees to make appropriate amendments and supplements.
Inspection and repair of damage to transport, irrigation works and works serving people's life
To date, 100% of village roads and alleys are concreted, 100% of households have access to clean water; 100% of households use electricity for lighting.
Ms. Pham Thi Thanh Hong - Vice Chairwoman of Provincial Women's Union.
In recent years, the emulation movement to build studious families, studious families and study promotion communities has been paid attention and promoted and identified as a key task.
Along with the implementation of the movement of farmer households with good production and business, the movement of emulation farmers to ensure national defense and security, farmer associations at all levels in the district have positively responded to promote the movement of emulation farmers to build a new countryside.
In the first 6 months of the year, despite many difficulties and challenges, with high determination in the direction and administration of the District Party Committee, the District People's Committee, the close supervision of the District People's Council along with the consensus, efforts of branches, localities, businesses and people in the district, the socio-economic situation in the first 6 months of 2019 continues to have a relative growth.
The Sub-Department of Aquatic Resources Exploitation and Protection shall consider and compile a list and report it to the provincial-level Agriculture and Rural Development Service for submission to the provincial-level People's Committee.
Deprivation
At the launching ceremony, the Model Steering Committee approved the plan and operation regulation, signed the implementation of environmental protection.
CTO 
to go,
The group consists of 21 farmer households in Dinh Truong village. The group belongs to the safe vegetable project in Binh Dinh province for the period of 2016-2021. The group's duration is from October 1, 2019 to May 31, 2021.
Leafworms: Newly hatched young worms are white, when fully developed they are reddish-brown. The young worm period is 10-14 days long. Adults lay eggs in young shoots, young leaves. Young worms eat the leaf flesh, the leaf cuticle swells to form white spots on the leaves. 
How old are you?
When the plant is young, it is necessary to clean the grass right at the base and 30-50 cm from the edge of the canopy, usually cleaning the grass 3 to 4 times a year.
The Party's and State's policies on investment and support in the past years, direct support policies, support policies with production means and instruments and technical infrastructures have created basic conditions and motive forces favorable for the development of mountainous areas in the beginning and in the subsequent periods.
- To set up organizing committees and sub-committees in service of the festival.
Through the review of cultured families in 2019, 246/250 households achieved the title of cultured family, achieving the rate of 98.4%.
Tea brewing
coldness,
Achieving the above results, thanks to the timely leadership and direction of the superior Peasants' Association, the direct leadership of the Party Committee, the timely support of the authorities at all levels, the coordination of branches and associations.
Pursuant to the Decision No. 151/QD-BNN-TT dated January 09,2020 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Implementation time: All year. 
Engraving
mushroom straw
Ms. Dang Thi Hong Hanh, Vice Chairwoman of the Provincial Women's Union.
At the end of the course, 100% of students completed their tasks and were granted certificates of retraining the course program.
Forest robbers have taken advantage of the above-mentioned weaknesses to illegally exploit and transport forest products in the district.
Mr. Dang Thanh Thai - Chairman of the Provincial Lawyers Association;
According to Decision 48 / QD-TTg to send to the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to summarize and report to the Prime Minister.
welcoming 
Currently, the district has 26 educational institutions distributed evenly in communes and townships, well serving the learning needs of school-age children.
Focus on upgrading 6 typical furnaces of Tay Son, Tuy Phuoc and An Nhon towns.
In the 2010 - 2015 period: Based on basic width and depth
The subjects of vaccination are the entire poultry flocks (chickens, ducks) subject to the vaccination; focusing on the newly-raised poultry flocks, re-breeding, ensuring adequate dose and sufficient shots under the guidance of the Department of Animal Health.
Current land use status in ethnic minority areas
shattered,
Participating in the festival, Vinh Thanh district has 2 delegations participating: the delegation of Vinh Son commune and the delegation of Vinh Thanh ethnic minority boarding high school and high school.
My name is Miao.
In the coming time, in order to achieve the 2020 targets, Military Service Boards of districts shall actively cooperate with relevant departments and organizations in enlisting soldiers.
Seed preparation: During the winter crop, use short-term, high-yield, density, intensive, drought-resistant and cold-resistant corn varieties such as NK4300, CP333, LVN885, Nk4300Bt/GT, etc.; sticky corn: MX4, MX10, HN88.
step away,
newly,
The International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts held in Binh Dinh in 2006, 2008, 2010 with great success.
Dinh Thi Boi, a Bana ethnic person from K3 village, Vinh Son commune, said: "In 2017, I was able to participate in the agricultural trade class that was opened in Vinh So commune.
The province will build 165 reservoirs with a total capacity of 589.5 million m3, 274 spillways, 258 pump stations, 657 km of dikes and embankments and 4,816 km of canals and ditches of all kinds, ensuring firm irrigation for 119,109 ha (96,969 ha of rice, 21,672 ha of crops, 468 ha of aquaculture and salt).
show off,
Vinh Thanh is a remote and deep-lying district of Binh Dinh province.
Based on this Plan, Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU and assigned functions and tasks, to formulate local implementation plans and promulgate them in the first quarter of 2020.
Pressed
Up to now, the Women's Union of Vinh Hoa commune in cooperation with the Social Policy Bank of Vinh Thanh district, disbursed more than VND 4.5 billion to help 127 women members borrow to invest in production such as cow farming, pig farming, watermelon cultivation, grass cultivation, clean vegetables.
Decision on issuance of action plan for assurance of food safety in agriculture in 2020 in the province
tomorrow,
mountain forest
Instruct investors in student housing projects to use model designs and typical designs;
In order to proactively prevent and control the epidemic, Vinh Thanh district has actively directed sectors and localities to implement the epidemic prevention.
Through direct and indirect support policies, there have been initial changes in agricultural production, forestry, rural economy, people's lives both spiritually and materially have been improved, incomes of people in poor districts have been increased, which is a very encouraging achievement.
According to the results of the census at the end of 2018, the whole district had 4,357 poor households, accounting for 44.33%, down 6% over the same period, near-poor households 1,312 households, accounting for 13.4%, down 2.3% over the same period.
want to,
According to the vegetable farmers here, a household producing 500 m2 of clean vegetables earns an average of 3.5 to 4 million VND / month.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 116/2006/TT-BNN dated December 18,2006 of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Assignment of implementation 
brother-in-law
Issued together with the Decision No. 2092/QD-UBND dated June 01,2020 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee 
The material and spiritual life of the people is increasingly improved and improved.
It is known that the Management Board of the district construction investment project will set up many sales teams at the point of sale to serve people in mountainous communes, the price of goods for Tet is equal to the market price and is listed specifically at the point of sale.
TECHNOLOGY
Party Badge
step by step
It's on the stilts.
The implementation of the Party's and the State's undertakings and policies on child protection, care and education in localities.
Participants in the Program are entitled to drink 03 milk boxes per week. Each milk box has a volume of 180 ml.
Exposure
The level of capital support from Program 30a for communes entitled to policy 30a is 70% of the approved construction and installation value. The list of solidified intra-field canals and ditches shall be decided by the provincial People's Committees;
Recently, the Farmers' Union of Vinh Thanh district has done well the trust loans through banks with a total outstanding debt of over 121 billion VND for farmers to borrow capital for economic development.
Raw materials for growing earwigs include: Sawdust of soft wood species without essential oil, not mixed with petroleum, not moldy; rice bran, finely ground corn flour.
It is known that the district health center will deploy the campaign in November and December 2019 with 9 injection points at 9 health stations, with the number of children in 9 communes and towns is 758.
We drank it.
Purposes.
On 01.01, the club relayed to the school district Vinh Thanh held the program "Warm East for children" in Vinh Kim and Vinh Son communes.
Pursuant to the Circular No. 38/2018/TT-BNNPTNT dated December 25,2018 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
Article 2. The Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs shall take charge and cooperate with the Department of Finance, People's Committees of districts and relevant agencies in organizing the implementation of this Decision in the province.
Except for the related costs, a year will also be about 60 million VND 
To assist the provincial People's Committee in directing the implementation of the plan to organize activities of the 7th International Festival of Vietnamese Traditional Martial Arts in 2019.
The value of seafood exports reached about 250 million USD.
Decision on provision of additional funding for Departments of Education and Training for tuition fee exemption and reduction and tuition support for the second semester of the academic year 2019 - 2020
Cultivate the original breed
with 
groping (crab) 
Typical such as the model of cooking wedding parties in Dinh Tam village, Vinh Hao commune; model of breeding three-line hybrid carp of women in Vinh Quang commune; pumpkin planting model in Vinh Thuan commune.
mountain gods
The concept of "Children's rights" is still very new in society.
In the immediate future, to concentrate on the propagation and education of the significance and importance of national cultural issues in general.
Prevent and strictly handle negative manifestations (if any) during the recruitment process.
Pick it up.
Main crops such as sugarcane, cashew, corn, pumpkin, beans and legumes of all kinds are also intensive farmers.
In which, poor households are ethnic minority people with 1,405 households, accounting for 37.5%.
Design standards, designs of student housing: 
The week will take place in all communes and townships in the district from October 1 to 7, 2019 with many contents such as organizing professional and political training courses for cadres, civil servants, public employees and workers; vocational training classes for rural laborers; strengthening propaganda on the Week of lifelong learning; launching emulation movements for good teaching and good learning; organizing study promotion, physical training and sports, culture and art activities.
squirrel
spinning 
garlic,
It's about five days.
(Enclosed with the Decision No. 1209/QD-UBND dated April 05,2017 of the Chairman of the provincial People's Committee)
Thus, the number of students who need to settle the demand for dormitories by 2015 is: 33,565 people.
Primary school teachers level IV (Code: V.07.03.09): 
Hose Holder
Provincial People's Committee 
Deleted
The double row should be 90-120 cm wide and plant 2 rows of corn with a distance of 50-60 cm, the gourd 25-30cm from the gourd. 
Each branch shall periodically organize activities on contents directly related to its political tasks and its Party members; discuss and exchange ideas and solutions to study and follow Ho Chi Minh's ideology, ethics and style on strengthening the great national unity bloc, building a clean and strong Party and political system, paying attention to the continuity and inheritance of solutions formulated and implemented so far.
In addition, in order to create capital for members to expand production, so far, the Association has been trusted with the District Social Policy Bank, helping 324 member households to borrow more than VND 11 billion for economic development.
Dogs
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee; the directors of the provincial / municipal Services of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs, Education and Training, Culture and Sports, Justice and Finance;
In order to maintain and develop a sustainable citrus fruit production, many solutions are needed.
Squirrel 
open,
Recently, the Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control and Search and Rescue of Dinh Binh Reservoir held a meeting to implement the plan to respond to natural disasters in Dinh Binh reservoir in 2019.
Pruning creates a Y-shaped canopy (making citrus fruit trees ventilated, canopy height below 3 to 3.5 m ).
gibbons
Projects using less than 10 hectares of rice cultivation land; less than 20 hectares of protection forest land, special-use forest land that have been approved by the provincial People's Council.
Dude, you...
Recently, in the communes and towns in the districts, the situation of youth violating the road traffic law occurred relatively common, especially the number of teenagers dropping out of school, often gathering to play wildly, drinking alcohol, participating in traffic without a helmet, carrying more than the prescribed number of people, speeding, recklessly overtaking, zigzagging, swinging, splinting on the road at night to lose traffic safety, causing public confusion.
To approve the Scheme on development of agricultural and forestry plant varieties, livestock breeds and aquatic breeds through 2020;
Funding for implementation
At the end of vaccination, the veterinary forces of the commune had vaccinated 180 chickens and 2,920 ducks with avian influenza, reaching 100% 
The thundering of the trees mixed with the giggles of children playing hide-and-seek.
Collection and preservation
Article 7. Tasks and powers of members
Timely detection, clean garden, collect branches and leaves with egg nests, cocoons and newly hatched worms to destroy, use lamp traps to attract adults at the stage of weaponization.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with provincial-level Finance Departments in, estimating funds for the implementation of support policies under Decision No. 48/2010/QD-TTg and reporting under regulations.
rumbling (elephant roaring) 
Decision on guiding the implementation of a number of policies to encourage and support fishing, aquaculture and fishing services in remote sea areas
Science and Technology Projects
Vice Chairpersons in charge of Agriculture and Rural Development of districts, towns and cities in the province.
Implementing advisory agencies: Departments of Justice;
Survey contents: Socio-economic and housing conditions; economic, social security, cultural, medical and educational conditions of communes, wards and townships in regions I, II and III and communes, wards and townships outside these regions but in ethnic minority areas.
Socio-economic development averagely 14.5% / year, economic structure shifted in the positive direction; Infrastructure such as electricity, roads, schools, health stations are invested to meet the essential needs of the people, the rate of poor households reduced annual average 5.63% / year.
squirrel
Chairpersons of People's Committees of coastal districts and cities, heads of provincial-level Sub-Departments of Aquatic Resource Exploitation and Protection and heads of concerned agencies shall implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
young girls
jailed
With the support program for hybrid rice varieties of the province, over the past few years, 100% of ethnic minority households in Vinh Thanh have put into production hybrid rice according to intensive cultivation process.
Mr. Nguyen Xuan Trang, Deputy Chief of Office in charge of the Office, Department of Education and Training.
The Farmers' Association of Vinh Son Commune has also launched the model "Farmers say no to black credit and domestic violence" with 118 farmers' members of Kon Blo Village, Vinh Son Commune participating.
In 2020, Vinh Thanh District Social Security Bank strives to increase outstanding debts by 7-8% compared to 2019, raising funds to reach 130%, total outstanding debts by the end of 2020 will reach 100% of the annual growth plan, overdue debt rate will be below 0%, interest collection will reach 100%; strictly comply with the rules, lending processes and procedures, improve the effectiveness of the Entrustment Association.
Besides the achievements, the campaigning work in the district in 2019 still has shortcomings and limitations such as:
Regarding mobilization of investment capital:
Nearly 50 participants are officials of grassroots farmers' unions and farmers' unions of communes and townships in the district.
worshipped,
Chairman of the provincial People's Committee
Become a broad patriotic emulation movement of the masses, growing stronger and stronger, bringing about great, comprehensive and profound achievements.
The Bloody
Up to now, Vinh Thanh District Women's Union has set up 18 model Women's Unions in 9 communes and townships, collected more than 1000 members, women participating in regular activities every 3 months reached over 80% or more, of which the core membership reached 42.8%; Members' families meeting the criteria of "5 no 3 clean" reached 85% or more; members must pay full membership fees and have membership cards reached 100%.
In order to ensure that the recruitment of citizens for enlistment in 2020 meets the targets, on October 22 and 23, the Military Service Council of the district held a meeting to approve the politics and policies of enlistment in 2020
Total construction cost is nearly 200 million VND
Mr. Truong Van Khai, Head of Department of Planning and Finance, Department of Education and Training.
Research breeding selection 
Estimated investment cost: 480 million VND
State budget investment: 
In furtherance of the Provincial Party Committee's Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU dated July 29,2019 on implementation of the Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW dated October 22,2018 of the 12th Party Central Committee on the strategy for sustainable development of Vietnam's marine economy through 2030, with a vision toward 2045 (hereinafter referred to as Program of Action No. 22-CTr/TU and Resolution No. 36-NQ/TW), the People's Committee of Binh Dinh province promulgates the implementation plan with the following specific contents:
Respecting, preserving and promoting traditional cultural values of ethnic groups
Scar ulcer disease, leaf spots large stems and branches, fruit stems need to spray: RhidomilMZ, 72WP, Score 250 EC, copper root drug.
The use of organic fertilizer improves and stabilizes the texture of the soil, making the soil loose, breathable
The Steering Committee shall be automatically dissolved upon completion of its tasks.
I bought a pomegranate.
Once upon a time,
autumn season
In addition, the women's members have cleared hundreds of meters of sewers, collected about 60% of the garbage in the area and transported to the concentration sites as prescribed, so the environment in the communes and towns in the district is gradually improving.
Implement the relocation project in accordance with the approved detailed planning 1/500.
This is a new step in the process of promoting the right of participation of children, which is the model that society expects and expects today.
laxity
Organize the management of animal slaughter control in the area. Focus on solutions and promote the construction of concentrated animal slaughterhouses under the direction of the provincial People's Committee in Directive No. 15/CT-UBND dated September 12, 2018.
On the morning of June 17, the Standing Committee of the district delegation in cooperation with the district Division of Education and Training organized the XVth Congress of Uncle Ho's Good Children in Vinh Thanh District in 2020.
Pursuant to the Prime Minister's Decision No. 23/QD-TTg of January 6,2010, approving the Scheme on rural trade development during 2010-2015, with orientations toward 2020;
Total capital for implementation of the Program: VND 103, 050 billion, including:
Squirt
Propagating and mobilizing poor households to actively participate in economic development while sharing experience in farming and animal husbandry.
Through visits and learning experiences, prestigious delegates have gained useful and practical experiences and created more motivation for prestigious people to promote their role in the propagation and mobilization of ethnic minority people to properly implement socio-economic development policies, contributing to sustainable hunger eradication and poverty reduction and improving living standards in ethnic minority areas.
Is there a forest fire in Vinh Son?
Swimming and drowning prevention knowledge and skills; take measures to protect and warn places with ponds, lakes, wells, water tanks or places with deep water
To advise provincial-level People's Committees on the revocation of accreditation certificates under Clause 7, Section II, Part 2 of the Agriculture and Rural Development Ministry's Circular No. 116/2006/TT-BNN of December 18,2006.
Since then, the rate of poor households in the district has decreased gradually over the years according to the set targets.
lim dim (eye) 
jerking,
villagers,
It's a long way. It's a thousand and two hundred kilometers to Hanoi.
Provincial education and training public employee recruitment councils
2nd time conduct pruning canopy before flowering about 2-3 months to fruit flowering is favorable, about 9-10 months annually.
The efficiency of the hybrid rice production program in difficulty-hit areas will not only meet food demands in deep-lying, remote and ethnic minority areas but also contribute to increasing agricultural production efficiency and farmers' incomes in a sustainable manner.
(dog) evil 
Bringing clear results to innovate the program and how to organize the implementation.
To intensify dike management and get ready for dike protection and flood and storm prevention in order to protect infrastructure, irrigation works and dikes and minimize damage to people's lives and property.
Youh...
TAND
The Trail
The provincial budget shall provide supports through annual preferential credit loans and other capital sources of the provincial budget;
Thousands of people in the district enthusiastically participate in voting to elect people who are sufficiently virtuous, talented, reputable to perform work in the community.
At the request of the vacancy to complete the application as prescribed and sign a working contract.
Squirting
Pursuant to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment's Circular No. 14/2009/TT-BTNMT of October 1,2009, detailing compensation, support and resettlement and the order of land recovery, allocation and lease;
Shooting
today's stars
In order to ensure political security - social order and safety continue to be maintained and stable, in 2020, the Party Committee of district Public Security set out a number of key tasks that need to focus on:
bran,
today is,
The father studied them for a moment, then picked one up and said,
- The provincial Team Council and the children's officials (the number of children participating in the Campaign Board must not be less than 1/3 of the number of members of the Campaign Board, selected jointly by the provincial Team Council from the typical children who meet the conditions for participation).
To form and develop agriculture, forestry and fisheries along the line of commodity production in three economic sub-regions suitable to each commune and township.
Assignment and decentralization of tasks of inspection, examination and supervision of initial agricultural, forestry and fishery product production establishments to ensure food safety (attached to Appendix I).
The best time to plant atrium is from August to September solar calendar 
Roof Tiles
Provincial-level Planning and Investment Departments and Finance Departments shall annually report to provincial-level People's Committees on provincial-level budget advances for the Program implementation in January;
- To select subjects for long-term and short-term training in breed research, management and production with funds from other programs.
To express gratitude for the contributions and sacrifices of policy families and people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh district.
Coordinating agencies: Departments of Justice, Vietnamese Fatherland Front Committees of provinces, Committees for Ethnic Minorities Affairs, relevant agencies and organizations.
Crop 1: Planted from April to May and harvested in January to March of the following year. In this crop, it is recommended to take advantage of early planting when the soil is sufficiently moist, dry, reducing the ability to sprout.
Heads of relevant agencies, Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts shall implement this Decision from the day on which it is signed./.
To direct the registration of fishing ships eligible for regular exploitation and provision of exploitation services in remote sea areas.
How many sessions a day?
At the meeting, the Standing Board of the commune-level People's Council shall propose to the survey delegation petitions of voters which should be paid attention to and promptly settled, especially opinions related to the land domain.
The structure of children participating in the Children's Council:
The Recruitment Councils shall have to publicize the lists of persons eligible for recruitment and post them up at the working offices of the provincial/municipal Home Affairs Services.
To invest in fishery logistics service establishments (product freezing warehouses, clean ice, etc.) in Quy Nhon, De Gi and Tam Quan Bac fishing ports.
To develop the production of products of Tam Quan Bac fish processing village, Hoai Nhon district; My An and My Tho villages, Phu My district.
Article 1. To promulgate together with this Decision a scheme on development of crops, livestock and specialty products with advantages for development of ethnic minority areas of Binh Dinh province through 2025, specifically as follows:
To coordinate with Quy Nhon port authority in managing seafarers and transport vessels in the sea areas under its management.
The organization and personnel work has been put into order and basically well performed; the leadership, direction and guidance on the review, assessment and quality rating in 2019 for Party organizations, Party members and collectives and individuals of leading and managerial officials at all levels have been ensured according to regulations. Last year, Vinh Thanh district also completed the reorganization of grassroots Party organizations in line with the organizational apparatus at a number of agencies and units.
Currently, Vinh Thinh commune is actively implementing vaccination with the motto to each alley, knocking on each door to ensure the implementation of the plan that Vinh Thanh district has set out.
Accordingly, the Chairman of the district People's Committee requested agencies, departments and localities to focus on directing agricultural production, with determination to win the Winter-Spring 2019 - 2020 crop in a comprehensive manner, paying attention to the agricultural production situation in Vinh Son, Vinh Kim, Vinh Thuan and Vinh Hoa communes.
The comrades assigned are excellent officers and soldiers of the district police, with bravery and experience.
Among them, 32 people were ranked as good (57.1%); 22 people were ranked as good (39.2%) and 2 people were ranked as average (3.6%).
The phrases "Làng văn hóa " and "Khu phố văn hóa" in the recognition category are construed as "Làng văn hóa", "Thôn văn hóa" and "Khu phố văn hóa".
day day 
lust,
On the morning of March 30, the Social Policy Bank of Vinh Thanh District gave the Medical Center of Vinh Thanh District 5 million VND for the procurement of medical equipment and instruments for Covid-19 prevention and control.
There were nearly 80 participants who were district and commune poverty reduction officers and commune and village investigators.
The provincial Border Guard Command shall assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned departments and branches and People's Committees of coastal localities in, managing and guiding fishermen and vessels to find shelters in case of dangerous weather.
To assume the prime responsibility for, and coordinate with concerned agencies in, submitting to provincial-level People's Committees master plans and plans on development of coastal ecological urban centers.
Screw the branches of young citrus trees (2 - 5 years old), cut down the canopy with old citrus orchards (trees over 10 years old).
Binh Dinh Province's Safe Vegetable Project Coordinating Board has just coordinated with the district Division of Agriculture and Rural Development to open a training course on the field for farmers with similar interests in safe vegetable cultivation in Vinh Son commune.
To develop fishing, aquaculture and seafood processing
At the request of the Director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development in the Statement No. 150/TTR-SNN dated May 08,2020 and the Department of Justice in the Appraisal Report No. 91/BC-STP dated May 06,2020.
In case there are 02 or more candidates with round 2 exam scores,
Trees have a balanced canopy, avoiding branches interwoven between trees, reducing production, pruning and timely shaping allow reducing unnecessary investment in labor and supplies and making the orchard achieve high output.
Especially through national target programs and ethnic minority policies, essential infrastructure in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas are paid attention to investment and people have a sense of rise to enrich themselves.
Provincial Party Secretary Nguyen Thanh Tung visited and presented gifts to the family of armed forces hero Dinh A Troi and wounded soldier Dinh Thao, living in K4 village, Vinh Son commune.
How many birds do you know?
The district has deployed electronic offices and provided online public services at level 2 of 381 administrative procedures, including 262 administrative procedures at district level and 119 administrative procedures at commune level.
Dude, I...
According to Vinh Thinh Commune People's Committee, the implementation of the Summer-Autumn crop production plan in 2020, in which the summer crop is 84 hectares; the autumn crop is 193.5 hectares. For the summer rice crop, farmers in Vinh Thinh Commune have reduced seedlings to 100% compared to the plan.
If it's too big, we can't extinguish it.
heart (river) 
at the beginning,
Depending on the economic conditions of each residential area and the actual contribution capability of the people in each region and prescribed for educational institutions in each region as follows :
To implement the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction. In 2019, Vinh Thanh district will be allocated VND 10 billion 247 million from non-business capital sources to support production development under the Government's Resolution 30a, to support production development for people in villages and communes meeting with exceptional difficulties in the district, including:
Up to now, the total capital of the Peasant Assistance Fund of Vinh Hoa commune has been raised over 68 million VND, especially in the first 9 months of 2019, 9 million VND has been raised, achieving 100% of the annual plan.
And appraisal opinions of the Department of Justice in Report No. 68/BC-STP dated April 10,2020 
forest fire
Upwards
To date, the herd of cattle in Vinh Thanh district has 17,362 head, of which cross-bred cattle account for 92% of the total herd.
When he came home from school this afternoon, he called from the yard, but his mother was not there.
With the efforts of the local authorities, together with the contribution of the people, the face of rural today is constantly changing, rural transport is concreted, health stations, schools are upgraded spacious people's lives have many changes.
Along with medical examination and treatment and prevention, health communication and education activities are always integrated with health programs, so from the beginning of the year, no epidemic has occurred in the commune.
At the end of the program, we transfer to you and you the article Bana Kriem Vinh Thanh - One heart follows the Party, follows Uncle Ho of Xuan Dung 
After harvesting, the district People's Committee shall direct the Vinh Thanh Protective Forest Management Board to carry out procedures for proposing competent authorities to recover land and assign the locality to elaborate a use plan.
According to the political report presented at the Congress, in the term 2015-2020, the Executive Committee of the Party of Vinh Thuan commune has focused on leading the entire political system united and dedicated to emulation of labor production, socio-economic development, maintaining security and defense, successfully implementing the socio-economic objectives and tasks that the Resolution of the Party Congress proposed.
Typical in this movement is veteran Tran Van Minh in Ta Diek village, Vinh Hao commune. 
persons,
Crop season
Borrowing
Article 2. This Decision comes into force from the day on which it is signed.
Proactively direct the organization of "Vietnamese Ethnic Culture Day" activities in Binh Dinh
Decision on promulgation of the list of amended administrative procedures in the field of grassroots culture under the management of the Department of Culture and Sports of Binh Dinh province
Delegates of the People's Council of the province and delegates of the People's Council of the province shall inspect and supervise the implementation of this Resolution. 
toys, toys
Law on Public Investment No. 49/2014/QH13; Law on Public Investment No. 39/2019/QH14, coming into force from January 01,2020; Law on Construction No. 50/2014/QH13; Law on Irrigation No. 08/2017/QH14; Law on Fisheries No. 18/2017/QH14;
Mr. Ha Duy Trung - Deputy Secretary of Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union;
(rice) flakes 
leftovers
Infirmary Station
- To assume the prime responsibility for guiding the use of development investment capital from the state budget and coordinate with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in guiding the implementation of the Program;
It is reported that in 2019, the district Party Committee has admitted 94 new party members, bringing the total number of party members to 2,563 comrades.
Funding sources for implementation: Annual provincial industrial promotion funds.
ashley 
The Government's Decree No. 92/2017/ND-CP dated August 07,2017;
- Scale and area planned for animal husbandry development.
To launch, seek and honor scientific and technological innovations and useful solutions; education and training
odor
According to Decree No. 86/2015 / ND-CP of the Government and Decision No. 55/2015 / QD-UBND of the provincial People's Committee, with an amount of: 3.004.825,000 VND (Three billion, four million, eight hundred and twenty five thousand VND); Specifically as follows:
from time to time.
Collection, management and use of sightseeing fees and supports of organizations and individuals in accordance with the State's regulations.
Implementing the direction of the district People's Committee, the district Agricultural Service Center coordinates with local authorities to deploy epidemic prevention and control.
In the past tenure, the Party Executive Committee of Vinh Hiep commune has focused on leading the entire political system to unite and strive to emulate productive labor, socio-economic development, maintain security and defense, successfully achieve the socio-economic objectives and tasks set by the Resolution of the Party Congress.
Advocacy for gender equality and prevention of gender-based violence
He was knitting another one.
Article 2. To assign the Department of Finance to preside over and coordinate with the relevant agencies and units to implement in accordance with the current regulations of the State.
Afternoon,
Or the success of the model of breeding pigs and chickens on biological padding invested by the district Agricultural Extension Station and the district Farmers' Association has attracted the participation of many mountainous people and neighboring areas.
From 2011 to 2015: To organize annual programs and events from local to provincial and central levels and regular activities in localities.
Now, I'm in fifth grade at the village school.
For persons eligible for many cases of charge reduction preferences mentioned above, only 50% of the charge for sightseeing of scenic places, historical relics or cultural works is reduced.
Recognized traditional professions: Support equal to 2 times the base salary.
Ms. Ho Thi Phi Yen, Head of Division of Primary and Preschool Education, Department of Education and Training;
In recent years, Vinh Thanh district has synchronously and promptly implemented the Government's programs and policies on ethnic minorities.
sturdy
wishes,
"Bơ-lơng khơng",
On the Website to introduce and welcome delegates, martial arts delegations at home and abroad to attend the festival. 
Article 6.-Implementation effect
Besides, well implementing the regime, social policies, military rear policy, participating in competitions and sports with high results.
Sea and island resources are exploited rationally, used effectively and sustainably.
desi china
Regarding the scheme on assignment of the regular police to communes, voters proposed that there should be clear policies because the commune police positions are currently civil servants, professional qualifications in the specialized fields of security and public security, so the communes cannot be arranged to other positions.
I'm eleven this year.
Level 3 covers 26 administrative procedures, including 20 at the district level and 6 at the commune level.
On the 72nd anniversary of the Vietnam War Invalids and Martyrs' Day (July 27th), on the morning of July 24th, Mr. Nguyen Thi Phong Vu, Member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, Head of the Provincial Party Committee's Board of Advocacy, Chairman of the Provincial Vietnam Fatherland Front Committee visited and presented 10 gifts, each valued at VND 1 million to people with meritorious services to the revolution in Vinh Thanh district.
The Party Committee achieved clean and strong throughout the term.
Get out of the...
- The provincial Labor Federation, the provincial Women's Union and the provincial Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union;
Cooperate with the Department of Natural Resources and Environment in supervising, assessing and consolidating the implementation of this Plan and preparing a report on achievement of objectives for sustainable development of marine economy.
Departments, branches, associations and mass organizations
Cake filling
There's a beautiful river in Binh Dinh, but it's also very violent.
fire,
Tourism Department: 
Guiding the implementation of Circular No. 45/2014 / TT- BNNPTNT dated 03/12/2014, Circular No. 51/2014 / TT-BNNPTNT dated 27/12/2014 and other regulations of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development
rare,
At the places to visit, Mr. Ho Xuan Anh – Secretary of Vinh Thanh District Party Committee graciously visited and encouraged policy families to well implement the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and laws, actively participate in local movements and wish families happy and joyful Lunar New Year.
Agencies assigned or decentralized under Article 3 of this Decision shall inspect, examine and supervise the assurance of food safety for agricultural, forestry and fishery products, quality of agricultural supplies and rural daily - life water at production and business establishments in their localities.
Ignore (it)
Currently, dangerous infectious diseases on domestic animals such as avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease (HFMD) in cattle, African swine fever and swine blue ear are still occurring in some provinces and cities in the country and the development is complicated.
Organize meetings to evaluate the implementation of cultural policies of ethnic minorities in the locality, set out tasks in the coming time.
Spray the Dual or Antaco pre-germination herbicide with an amount of 2.5 liters/ha, spraying immediately after planting from 1 to 2 days, ensuring the concentration and amount of water sprayed and soil moisture sufficient for the drug to permeate the soil from 2 to 3cm.
Local budget (for compensation, site clearance and construction of technical infrastructure outside the fence): VND 43,740 million. 
The heads of the concerned agencies and the members named in Article 1 shall have to implement this Decision from the date of its signing.
squirrel
According to Decision No. 48/2010 / QD-TTg of the Prime Minister in Binh Dinh province,
It is known that by the end of 2019, Vinh Thuan commune had 205 poor households, accounting for 48.24%, a decrease of 5.08% over the previous year.
the rack
(iii) For delta districts and towns: 50% from the provincial budget and 50% from the district and town budget; (iv) For Quy Nhon city: 100% from the city budget.
To intensify the implementation of drought prevention and control measures and response to climate change; to continue implementing and applying intensive agricultural farming measures and scientific and technical advances in production and husbandry to increase productivity, quality and output.
Combined with environmental protection, marine biodiversity conservation.
The whole district has well implemented the mobilization of ethnic minority children to school, mobilizing the number of children dropping out of school, returning to school.
Associations at all levels shall regularly maintain entrusted borrowing activities with the Social Policy Bank of the district.
- To set up the Steering Committee;
Our Clubs
Renovate and improve the PBGDPL column on the PBGDPL portal of departments, branches and localities.
usually,
It is bordered on the north by China, on the west by Laos and Cambodia, and on the east and south by the sea.
Representative of the Provincial Youth Union's Committee for Children's Affairs: 01 person;
To conduct visual propagation and mobilization on education, culture, economic development, security and defense for ethnic minority groups with panel systems in residential areas.
Mr. Nguyen Hoang Sam - Chairman of the Provincial Young Entrepreneurs Association. 
Besides, the association has focused on strengthening and building strong associations.
At the request of the Director of the Department of Justice in the Statement No. 05/TTr-STP dated January 08,2020 
Vinh Thanh District has strengthened the Military Service Board of the district, properly and fully implemented the steps and stages in the selection and call-up of citizens for enlistment to ensure closeness, in accordance with the process, the right subjects such as: performance review, political and policy approval and organization of medical examination.
The departments, branches and mass organizations shall advise the commune Party Committees and People's Committees on the implementation of socio-economic development solutions, the Party building, administration building and mass mobilization shall be strengthened.
Article 3. - The director of the Office of the provincial People's Committee, the directors of the provincial/municipal Finance, Planning and Investment Services,
On the morning of June 17, the Standing Committee of the district delegation in cooperation with the district Division of Education and Training organized the XVth Congress of Uncle Ho's Good Children in Vinh Thanh District in 2020.
In order to well implement the objectives in 2020, Vinh Thanh District Socialist Bank sets out specific measures to promote the implementation of capital support for policy credit programs such as:
Industry, handicrafts and cottage industries remain small and slow to develop; infrastructure has been strengthened but still shows many weaknesses; the rate of poor households is high compared to the province's average.
It is a representative of the voices and aspirations of children in the locality. Its composition is expected as follows:
To direct the Culture and Information Section, the Culture and Information - Sports Center and the Martial Arts Association in coordinating with the Education and Training Section;
Propose traffic police forces to coordinate and support when necessary and strictly handle violations.
About the...
Tuy Phuoc District, Phu My District, Hoai An District, Hoai Nhon District, An Lao District
Development orientation of specialty products
Determining the coordination with credit institutions in disbursing loans to members and farmers engaged in production and business activities is one of the central tasks of the Association, annually, the Executive Committee of Vinh Thanh District Peasants Association focuses on the capital support for members.
It is known that in 2019, Vinh Thanh district had 24 laborers participating in exporting to work abroad. 
Mr. Le Van Dau, Chairman of Vinh Thanh District People's Committee, said: "In particular, in implementation of Decisions 135, 134 and Program 30a of the Government, so far, more than 1,000 poor households and households with difficult policies have been supported to build houses.
Heads of relevant departments, agencies and associations; Chairpersons of People's Committees of districts shall implement this Circular./. 
For example, the garden of grapefruit Dien, it is necessary to transplant grapefruit Dien, red grapefruit Tan Lac (Hoa Binh), grapefruit Da Xanh (Tien Giang), grapefruit Cat Que (Hanoi), grapefruit Hoang (Hung Yen)... in the garden.
open up,
The NPCs of communes and townships have coordinated in building 59 reconciliation teams in 59 villages and the core group of law propagation and education in the population communities, 100% of villages and hamlets have elaborated village codes and conventions agreed upon and effectively implemented by the people.
caught,
Implementing the plan to ensure environmental sanitation, clean and beautiful street landscape during the festival;
Binh Dinh safe vegetable project has been piloted since 2017 in Vinh Son commune with an area of about 1 hectare, has brought significant economic benefits, contributing to creating livelihoods for people in highland areas.
Sweetie
giggling
The following article by Xuan Dung reflects on vaccination work in Vinh Thanh 
Let's go together!
Pursuant to the Decision No. 151/QD-BNN-TT dated January 09,2020 of the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development;
In order to make a deep impression on the Land of Vo with international visitors and friends to the festival.
Mr. Deputy Director of the Department of Labor, War Invalids and Social Affairs.
Get up.
red,
Responsibility
On the morning of December 24, the People's Committee of Vinh Thanh District held a Poverty Reduction Communication Contest in 2019 with the theme "Joining hands to implement the National Target Program on Sustainable Poverty Reduction".
Production of aquaculture (brackish water and saltwater) reached 23,000 tons/year
To pay attention to and take care of the building of the contingent of Party members in the militia; to build clean and strong branches, raise the combat strength and combat readiness of the militia
With the practice of deforestation still existing, in recent years in the district there have been many cases of illegal deforestation causing significant damage to the forest area.
Dreams of Yao
touching,
To make statistics on, classify and manage scientific dossiers of, historical - cultural relics; to compile and submit dossiers to agencies competent to rank historical - cultural relics in the provinces.
live,
From borrowed capital sources, many veterans have boldly invested in production, effectively restructured crops and domestic animals, developed the economy, and annually reduced the rate of poor households by 5 - 6%.
bridges
Compared to the first survey (in 2015), this survey applies information technology in all stages, from management, direction and administration to network building, information collection, inspection, data acceptance, data processing, and announcement of survey results.
accumulation 
close to,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The majority of projects applying science and technology have helped people in mountainous areas and ethnic minority areas access to new scientific and technical achievements.
Stage 4, right after the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam, focus on propagating activities to celebrate the success of the 13th National Congress; quickly announce the results of the National Congress and resolutions of the National Congress;
Being physically fit to perform the job or task;
In addition, on the occasion of the Invalids and Martyrs Day 27/7, the localities and associations in the district also organized many activities such as meetings, visits, gifts, help for policy beneficiaries and people with meritorious services in difficult circumstances in the district.
Many new and innovative programs and activities have been implemented, which are widespread.
To coordinate with localities in preparing conditions and physical foundations for martial arts performance activities of domestic and international martial arts troupes.
Sub-district 143 - Vinh Kim commune - Vinh Thanh district. 
Article 2. This Decision takes effect on the date of its signing.
The scheme shall be implemented from 2017 to 2020.
According to the People's Committee of Vinh Son Commune, over the past time, the total area of rice planted in the commune was 305 hectares, up 8.2% over the same period.
Quarterly and annually, provincial-level Finance Departments and Agriculture and Rural Development Departments shall report to provincial-level People's Committees on the situation and results of provision of supports for fishermen for each type of policy and each type of beneficiary.
Thereby contributing to creating seasonal jobs for over 65 rural laborers with an income of VND 200,000/day; providing technical guidance on planting and tending of plants for over 100 households; providing monetary support and agricultural supplies of over VND 230 million for 47 farmer households, contributing to the local Peasant Assistance Fund of VND 2,000,000.
The Association has coordinated with the district propaganda board to hold news talks for 5 sessions, with 200 members, 350 unionists, youth and 600 people participating.
At the same time, it is recommended that relevant authorities and sectors continue to take better care of policy families and people with meritorious services so that they can lead better and better lives.
Action Month activities should be organized practically, efficiently and economically.
Localities, agencies, organizations and individuals involved in the management and implementation of the Program in Binh Dinh province.
orchid tree,
Members of the Communist Party were awarded the Communist Party badge in this period, including 2 members who were awarded the Communist Party badge at 60 years old; 1 member who was awarded the Communist Party badge at 55 years old; 6 members who were awarded the Communist Party badge at 50 years old; 11 members who were awarded the Communist Party badges at 30 years old, 40 years old and 45 years old.
Wishing longevity, celebrating longevity; credit incentives and commending and rewarding the elderly
M2 Village is the typical unit of Vinh Thinh Commune for many years has always maintained the title of Cultural Village
Choose branches that meet the standards of ≥0.7 cm in diameter, brown branches, short branches, high sprout eyes, plump, round branches, no pests.
Freezing cold 
(land) landslide 
Thanks to that, Bana Village M2 people's life is increasingly improved.
Continuing Education Center of Vinh Thanh organizes training courses on mushroom cultivation and propagation for rural laborers
also,
Two equally beautiful species.
In order to improve the living standards of the people in the Village, the Village Branch 2, Vinh Thuan Commune has focused on leading and directing the implementation of the targets set by the annual Resolution and achieved remarkable results.
An Nhon Town: 1.259.610.000 VND 
Going through the market, he stopped at the one who sold the most.
Over the past time, the Party Committee and the authorities of M2 Village, Vinh Thinh Commune have strengthened the propagation and mobilization of villagers to properly implement the Party's guidelines, the State's policies and laws, the village conventions.
the,
When they got home, Boong told them the story of the capital.
To implement the national target program on sustainable poverty reduction.
Traditional fighting (also known as freestyle) is two fighters fighting each other with hand and foot strikes.